<!--ADULTSONLY-->
<meta http-equiv="pics-label" content='(pics-1.1 "http://www.icra.org/ratingsv02.html" l gen true for "http://asstr.org" r (cz 1 la 1 lb 1 lc 1 na 1 nb 1 nc 1 nd 1 ne 1 nf 1 ng 1 nh 1 ni 1 oa 1 ob 1 oc 1 of 1 og 1 oh 1 va 1 vb 1 vc 1 vd 1 ve 1 vf 1 vg 1 vh 1 vi 1 vj 1 vk 1) "http://www.rsac.org/ratingsv01.html" l gen true for "http://asstr.org" r (n 4 s 4 v 4 l 4))' />
<pre>
Message-ID: &lt;2849eli$9708111803@qz.little-neck.ny.us&gt;
X-Archived-At: &lt;URL:http://www.netusa.net/~eli/erotica/assm/Year97/2849.txt&gt;
From: Bookman &lt;readebks@wolfenet.COM&gt;
X-Good-Line-Length: yes
Subject: RP: Spamhater Decoded: Mom, My Cousin & Me
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories.moderated,alt.sex.stories
Followup-To: alt.sex.stories.d
Path: qz!not-for-mail
Organization: The Committee To Thwart Spam
Approved: &lt;usenet-approval@qz.little-neck.ny.us&gt;
X-Moderator-Contact: Eli the Bearded &lt;story-admin@qz.little-neck.ny.us&gt;
X-Story-Submission: &lt;story-submit@qz.little-neck.ny.us&gt;
X-Original-Message-ID: &lt;33EE3317.D6D@wolfenet.com&gt;

Note: I am not the author; I am only the decoder.

I have extensively edited this story to correct errors in grammar,
punctuation, and spelling.  At the same time, I have done my best to
leave the author's original style undisturbed.

The following story contains themes of explicit sex.  If you're not old
enough to be in this newsgroup, you're not old enough to read this.  Go
away.)


                           C-MOM.TXT -- m+/F, INCEST


                             Mom, My Cousin, and Me
                       Based upon a story By Jack Paterno
                     Revised and expanded by Jason Bourney

      My cousin and I room together at school, and thanks to hanging around
together I've had some wild experiences with a number of women.  But this last
summer on vacation, I had an experience I'd never thought would have ever been
possible.

      It all began one Friday night during a dull party put on by my cousin's
parents. Everyone who'd attended was either family or friends of our folks.
Although my evening had started out dull, it didn't stay that way for long --
thanks to my cousin.

      First, my cousin told me "he was horny, and that one of the middle-aged
women at the party would be a cinch piece of ass. And that her husband wasn't
with her, and that if he could maneuver her away from the party he'd get a
little pussy for sure."  He then told me to play along because no one would
suspect a thing if the woman left with me.
                                                                             
      He walked away, leaving me wondering what the hell I had to do with the
woman's leaving.  Then he asked my busty mother if she'd like to go to a
drive-in movie with us!
                                                               
      Even though my mother is defintely not the drive-in movie type, she was a
little tipsy from drinking and had earlier told my cousin that she was bored
and wanted to have a little fun.  As my cousin sneaked a peak at her big
titties, I knew what his idea of fun would be -- I had a little trouble
swallowing.

      She replied, "Well since your father's away for the week at a business
convention I ought to be entitled to a little fun too, so let's go.  I haven't
been to one of those since your dad and I dated," she said turning a little
red. "I really used to like those," she went on blushing even more.
                               
      I went nuts with questions.  What could my mother and father have
possibly done at the drive-in?  Does my cousin really think my mother would be
an easy piece of ass?  Is he really going to try fucking her?  And was he going
to try it in front of me?
                                                                   
      And was she really saying yes, she'd go with us?
                                                              
      I don't blame my cousin for wanting to fuck her, you understand.  My
mother is a voluptuous old broad.  Her breasts are awesome, and her legs and
ass are fabulous.  The thing is, I just didn't think it could be done.  I'd
never thought of her as a woman who could be laid.  In fact, I'd always said
when they'd invented the word "prude," they'd thought of my mother.  She acts
like a real tight-ass, and the whole time I was growing up I wouldn't have been
surprised to learn that my sisters and I had been adopted and that our mother
was still a virgin.

      As we left the party that night heading for my cousin's camper van, I
took a good look at mother. I had to admit, I liked what I saw.  She was
wearing a fairly short skirt, high heels and dark stockings that looked great
on her big, full legs.  She was also wearing a tight blouse that emphasized her
breasts and believe me, my mother's knockers don't need to be emphasized. The
way those tight jugs of hers jiggle and bounce would draw attention if she'd
worn a burlap sack.

      As I think about it now, looking back over the years, mother had always
been silly and flirty and not herself when my handsome cousin was around, but I
never once gave it a second thought.  Even when she giggled and rubbed against
him as we left the party that night I still didn't see it.  I mean, who'd ever
figure his own mother would be turned on by one of her nephews? Especially when
your mother was such a prude.  I mean really!
              
      My surprises continued when we arrived at the drive-in.  First, my
smooth-talking cousin talked mom into sitting between us upon the small couch
in the rear of his camper-van.  Then he talked her into drinking some beer with
us. She was already a bit gone and this would really do her in.
                                                                            
      Sitting in the back of the van talking and drinking as we waited for the
movie to begin, I thought mom was becoming a little careless with her skirt.
She was definitely showing a lot more of her full, stocking-clad thighs than
she ought to.  I noticed my cousin eyeing her legs and brushing his hand up
against her knees at every opportunity.  But, nice leg-show or not, it was
mom's big fuckin' titties that really caught his attention.  He watched them
jiggle and bounce whenever she moved, and could barely take his eyes off them
-- even though he obviously appreciated her legs as well.
                                                                             
      It was really crazy.  Mom was getting giggly as my cousin told her just
how sexy and beautiful she was.  Meanwhile, I was nervous as hell, just trying
to figure out what was happening here.  Then my cousin leaned over and planted
a kiss right on my mother's lips!

      At first she gasped, gurgled and half-yelped. I thought I was going to
have to pull my cousin away from her and smack him or something.  But then she
suddenly quit complaining and began returning his kiss, sliding her arms around
his neck as she did.  I didn't know what the hell to do.  I didn't want to
watch what was happening, and yet I couldn't tear my eyes away.
                                                                              
      As they kissed, I could see that my cousin's hand inching closer and
closer towards my mother's awesome breasts.  After he'd got a huge handfull of
each he squeezed and fondled them at will. It beat all hell, before she finally
jerked away from him and planted herself firmly in my arms in an intensely
quick process.
                                                                            
      "Looks like it's your turn," my cousin said to me with a laugh.  "Or are
you afraid to kiss your own mama that way?"

      I didn't know what to do, but figuring my mother was safer kissing me
than a guy that was doing his best to fuck her I put my mouth on hers.  She
made a pleasant little sound of surprise, and then damned if she didn't kiss me
back the same way she'd been kissing my cousin.  Her mouth opened into mine as
I thought what an incredible experience it was to be doing this with the old
prude.  Then I noticed that my cousin was boldly unbuttoning her blouse as I
kissed her -- I just about shit!

      He got away with opening her blouse all the way down to her waist before
she seemed to take notice of what was going on. At that point she pulled her
mouth away from mine, looking really sexy -- even though she was my mom -- with
her brassiere clad breasts exposed and her waist showing in her opened blouse.
                                                
      She grew really indignant and told him in no uncertain terms what she
thought of his actions.  But I noticed that she made no attempt to re-button
her blouse, even while she was raising hell.  The entire time she was bitching,
I saw so much cleavage that I was having trouble keeping my cock from
bursting my pants.  She might have been my mother but my cock didn't
care a bit.  Seeing the way her tits overflowed her brassiere was one hell of
an erotic sight!

      My cousin just laughed while she raised hell while offered her another
beer and told her she was fun to tease.  The next thing I knew he'd not only
sweet-talked her out of being upset, but she was again giggling and letting him
kiss with her blouse was still wide open.
                                                                           
      Then, as they giggled and smooched, my cousin slid his hands behind her,
catching her brassiere snaps, and undid them.  Mother squealed again and jerked
away from him and wound up in my arms once again, but it was me that stifled
her complaints with a kiss. I have to admit I was more than a little excited
and nervous.  She whimpered a little and complained to me about what he'd done
to her, but she soon stopped complaining and snuggled in for still more
smooching.

      The scene was far beyond my wildest imagination.  This was my own mother
I was kissing in the back of my cousin's van, and not only had she forgotten
about her unsnapped brassiere, but her tongue began darting in and out of my mouth.
Then I saw my cousin fondling her legs as my mother and I necked, and that he'd
easing her skirt higher up her full, voluptuous thighs.
                                                                           
      As we kissed, one of her arms moved from around my neck, and then went
around it again.  She then repeated the process with her other arm, as I
wondered what she was doing.  Then I saw my cousin's hands upon her bare
shoulders and instantly realized he'd been the one who'd moved her arms while
removing her blouse.

      I almost choked when I saw her blouse on the floor of the camper.  What
the hell would the old man do if he could see what was happening?  Here was my
prudish mother at a drive-in movie -- her skirt was almost around her big,
delectable ass.  Her blouse was gone and, judging from the look upon my
cousin's face as he eyed her tits, she was about to lose her brassiere, too.

      My cock got harder at the thought of those sweet melons being exposed.  I
told myself I couldn't think those kinds of thoughts about my own mother, but I
nevertheless thought them anyway.  Then my cousin made a smooth move with his
hands as mom gasped, and I knew it'd happened.

      I looked down, and sure as hell, my mother's brassiere was on the floor
of the camper, too.  Her firm breasts were completely exposed.
                                            
      As I stared at my mother's breasts, with their erect nipples, I began to
groan, too, because those sweet jugs could be featured in any tit magazine in
the world.  Those afternoons at the gym had really paid off -- she looked like
a young girl rather than a 37 year old mother.  My mother at that!
                                                                           
      Some will say that I should have tried to stop things.  After all, this
was my prim and proper mother whom my cousin was undressing.  I even considered
it as I reached for her gorgeous breasts, unable to resist copping a feel of
those lovely melons myself.  I touched the stiffness of her erect nipples and
she moaned in response to my fingers, and I totally forgot about stopping
things.
                                                                        
      Mother moaned something about going home as I gleefully fondled her tits,
but there wasn't any conviction in her tone and I knew she didn't mean a word
of it.
                         
      Then I saw my cousin's hands moving on her legs.  I kept working on
her breasts as she softly moaned, arching her back to push them against my hands.
She didn't seem to notice Tim's hands slowly moving beneath her skirt. Judging
by her lack of resistance as his hands slid over her hips, I knew that I'd soon
be seeing more than her thighs and tits -- I was all for it!  I saw her skirt
move up her thighs until her panties were exposed and Tim's hand was moving to
cover her pubic area.
                                                           
      Suddenly her hips jumped and she pleaded, "Please, please stop now! I...
I... you can't do this," and she tried getting up.  As her legs moved apart
Tim's hand slid between her thighs and began working on her cunt.  I once again
began fondling her breasts and tweaking her nipples.  Her face was tense and
although she still was trying to get up I could feel her resistance weaken.
Finally with a deep sigh she relaxed back into the seat.  Tim's hands were now
free to roam all over her thighs and one moved into her panties.  I was shaking
with excitment and disbelief.  My cock was so hard I could barely stand it. I
thought I was going to cum right then and there!
                      
      Sure as hell my cousin was soon pulling mother's panties down around her
ankles, and both of us were ignoring her moaning protests.
                                       
      "Wow, look at that cunt," my cousin said, easing mom onto her back upon
the couch.  "She doesn't have a hair on it!  That's the sweetest pussy I've ever
seen in my life!"
                                                                    
      I captured a nipple in my mouth and looked down at her cunt as I did, I
saw he was right.  My mother's thick lips were as smooth as a young girl's. Her
excitement showed as they glistened in the reflected light from the slick
moisture covering them.

      Mother groaned as we admired her snatch, but she didn't once make a move
to cover herself.  As I mouthed her big nipples, her moans of lusty pleasure
drove me wild.
      
      "Oh, don't suck on my breast, dear," she whimpered. "Oh... don't touch
that. Oh myyyy!"

      "See," my cousin said, as he slid two fingers into mother's snatch, "I
told you she'd be a cinch to fuck."
            
      "Oh, don't talk like that," mother groaned.  "We have to stop doing this.
This has gone way too far."
                                                                       
      "Bullshit, mother," I interrupted, pinching her nipples as my cousin
moved between her thighs with his stiff cock in his fist.  "If you were any
hornier, you'd honk."

      "OOOhhh," she wailed.  "Ohhhhhhh... he's putting it in me.  Oh, he's
fucking meeeeee.  Oh honey, you won't tell on me, will you?  Please don't tell
your father.  OOOhhh, this naughty boy is doooooing it to meeee!  Ohhh yes, it
feels good, I like it.  OOOhhh yessssss!"

      It was wild watching mom getting fucked.  She was sprawled on that cheap
couch with her legs spread, and bouncing and wiggling her ass while squealing
with delight.  I almost went crazy at the sight.  I got so turned on watching
my mother being humped that I had my own cock in my hand and was whacking away
at it before I'd realized what I was doing.
                                                    
      My cousin moved into her and then back.  I could see his hard cock moving
slowly in and out.  She now had her arms tightly around my head, keeping me at
her breasts as he rammed his cock in and out of her.

      She moaned into my ear, "Oh, this is so naughty. I can't stop you. But
please be nice and don't tell your father and I'll let you keep on doing this
to me.  It feels sooo good and I'll be nice to you both, just don't stop."
                                                         
      Tim was now moving faster and with a surge into her he gave a yell and
blew his nuts.  Mother hadn't started her own climax yet.

      He pulled his shrinking, dripping prick out of mom's pussy and sort of
flopped over onto his back, and then I did something I never thought I would
do.  I looked at my mother lying there with her eyes closed and her thighs
open, and I looked at at her slippery cunt and those bare beautiful tits, and I
just couldn't help myself.  I rolled between her legs and slid my peter into
her snatch before she even knew what was going on.

      Mom squealed as I stuck it in her, and her eyes popped open.  She really
squealed when she realized her little boy had turned things into a gang-bang --
and had become a mother-fucker in the process.  "OOOooh God," she said, "you
shouldn't be doing this with me.... please just hold me.  You can feel me if
you want but don't do this, it's toooo wrong."
                                                                          
      I was way too horny to pay attention to her pleading, and as I moved in
her, her pussy responded with her attitude improving tremendously.  It only
took a couple of minutes of hard fucking to get her frantically wiggling her
ass and french-kissing me while blubbering about how great it was.  And the
more I pronged her the wilder she became.
    
      It was great, sliding my prick in and out of her slick cunt.  The lack of
hair made it so much smoother and I could watch as my cock was sliding in and
out of her pussy.  Her fat lips would pull out as I moved back then pull
together as I moved back into that warm, slick cunt while using her tits as hand
holds for leverage.

      She had now put her hands over mine and encouraged me on, saying, "Oh
please, keep doing that. Oh harder, yes.. yes, that's so good! I love what
you're doing to me and how you're making me feel.  You're such a loving son."
Her hips were now moving up to meet my every stroke. I could barely control
myself.
     
      "Go on, fuck me.... ohh yesss... do it to meee!  I'm so close!"

      I plowed into her harder and faster, my cock slamming into her juicy
snatch, filling it, pushing into her cervix at the end of every stroke.  Her
tight clasping lips and the pressure of her cervix finally overcame my ability
to hold back.  Towards the very end, I swear we even had the van rocking.  I
felt the cum starting at my toes, and when I went off I had a tit in each hand,
and my mother was going off with a scream at the same time -- it was a mind
blowing experience.  Knowing I'd just fucked my supposedly prudish mother to a
frenzied climax was a real trip in itself.
                                                                             
      As I got up and got dressed, I noticed mom had passed out from all the
excitement and beer which she was totallly unaccustomed to.  When we got home my
cousin and I put her to bed after first cleaning her up and then even put her
nightgown on.


                     Further episodes to come..............



                             MOM, MY COUSIN, and ME
                            Part Two -- The Next Day
                       Based upon a story By Jack Paterno
                     Revised and expanded by Jason Bourney

                                    Part Two

      In the morning my cousin and I were having breakfast when mom came
downstairs from her bedroom.  As she came into the kitchen we were both quiet
with apprehension.  But she didn't behave any different than usual.

      She said, "Wow, I must have had too much to drink last night. I don't
even remember leaving the party, much less coming home and getting into bed.
Please don't tell your dad I'd been drinking. He doesn't like it and I don't
handle it well at all. O.K.?"

      I just said, "sure," breathing a deep sigh of relief.  Man, oh man, we got
all that pussy last night and she doesn't remember.  In the cold light of day
and without the alcohol effecting by thinking I was glad to put this behind us
-- although the memory made my loins a little warm.

      My cousin, though, had a curious look in his eye that made me uneasy.

      Later that day as evening approached mom said, "hey, why don't we all
stay in and play a game or watch a movie together?"

      Tim was quick with an affirmative reply, and stated he'd even go to the
video store to pick up some movies, which he did.  He choose an erotic movie
titled "Basic Instinct" and then a triple X rated movie, "Femme" which he'd
heard really turned the babes on.

      As we headed back to the house we also picked up some wine, as my cousin
said with a smile, "to help loosen your mother's lips."

      I couldn't believe he'd really try something again.  My mind raced with
images from the previous night -- I was already getting a partial hard-on as I
thought I couldn't let him do this to my mother again, but I couldn't stop
myself from thinking about last night and what tonight might bring.

      To be honest, life with Dad had kind of slipped over the years. Without
realizing it mom had devoted her life to my sisters and I, while Dad became
almost totally immersed in a successful business career.  Neither was really at
fault, but they'd just sort of slipped into their roles.  Therapy and
self-evaluation wasn't as popular in their day -- they were into the typical
40's & 50's male/female roles.  So, while they still loved each other, the
magic had just faded away without anyone realizing it.  I think Mom had become
real bored with her life as a result -- but it was about to change and it
certainly wouldn't be boring.

      By the time we'd got home mom was finishing up on dinner and Tim showed
her the wine.

      She said, "Great! It's just like a little party. Company, wine, and a
movie. Which one did you get?"

      When Tim replied "Basic Instinct," mom blushed and said that although she
hadn't seen it, she'd heard it was a tad risque and wasn't sure this was the
sort of movie she ought to be watching with us.

      "We're all adults," said Tim, "and it's supposed to be a real thriller."

      "Oh, well then I quess it's OK. But you guys had better behave
yourselves."

      During dinner, Tim kept mom's glass full of wine and had her laughing
with his jokes.  After about three glasses of wine mom was starting to feel no
pain and had started telling her own off-color jokes.  I laughed almost the
whole way through dinner, partially from the jokes, but primarily from seeing
my mother so loose and enjoying herself so much.

      After dinner was over, Mom went upstairs feeling no pain and telling Tim
and I to get the movie ready while she got into something she could relax in.

      I set up the movie while Tim turned the lights down and put some incense
in the burner to set a pleasant mood.

      When Mom came down, she was really relaxed and had put on a short, sheer
nightgown under her flannel robe which did a better job of concealing her
goodies -- except when it flapped open when she came down the stairs.  I was
amazed when I realized she wasn't wearing underwear.  You could see that
clearly.

      "When this is over," she said, " I'm going right to bed.  This wine is
already making me sleepy.  So, where's the movie?" she said as she sat down in
the middle of the couch with Tim and I sat on both sides of her.

      As the movie got to the erotic parts, we'd all began to get turned on --
even Mom.  I could tell by the way she kept moving her thighs back and forth.
Tim placed one arm behind her and every time he spoke about the movie he put
his hand on her knee.  She didn't seem to mind and finally he just left it
there stroking the top of her thigh just above it.  We'd been sipping more wine
and Mom was really enjoying herself.

      She started to lean into Tim which he'd taken as an encouraging move and
leaned over her in a repeat of last night and kissed her.  Mom kind of looked
puzzled for a moment and then kissed him back in a kind of peck sort of way
while smiling at him and said, "You'd better watch it, I just might think
you're getting the hots for your old aunt."

      Tim replied, "You may be my aunt, but you're definitely not old and
you're as foxy as any twenty year old.  I could go for a lady as sexy and sharp
as you any day."

      "Oh, you!" she said, and leaned over and gave him another kiss.  This
time Tim put his arms around her and didn't let her pull away.  She kind of
struggled to get away but his kiss got to her and with a "you naughty boys,"
she began returning his kiss.

      As soon as he begun putting his tongue in her mouth she pushed him away,
saying, "You're really something, but I don't think this is proper, so you'd
better just sit over there and behave yourself."  With that she moved closer to
me and said "Son, you'd better protect me, I think my nephew has a thing for
older women."

      So, I played the protective son and put my arm around her shoulder,
pulling her tightly into my side.

      By this time the first movie had finished and Tim quickly put the other
movie in.  Giggling, Mom wanted to know what was coming up next, and Tim said it
was a fantasy flick.  This seemed to strike Mom as a good subject for a movie
but what kind of fantasies, she asked?

      Tim said he wasn't sure but it'd been written and directed by a woman.

      At which my Mom laughed and said she thought she might really like this
as women make more sensitive movies, but as men we might get bored because we
couldn't truly appreciate the emotional aspects of women.

      Tim chuckled, saying, "You might be right, Auntie, but we might be more
sensitive and understanding than you think.  I think we'll all find this an
interesting movie."

      As the movie began it started slowly and when a man appeared out of a
television screen, beginning to strip, Mom was really began paying attention.
When he'd finally removed his last piece of clothing and was standing there in
the nude Mom just looked glassy eyed at the TV screen and kind of went "uuhh"
sinking into my side even more.  As the actor started to undress the woman Mom
really started to make little moaning sounds as the movie was now affecting
her, and the wine had completely lowered her defenses.
 
      Tim looked at my mother and said he was tired and asked if could he lay
down on the couch and put his head in her lap.

      I think Mom was a little relieved, thinking that Tim would fall asleep so
she could enjoy the movie without him observing her reactions.  By now Mom was
completely involved in the movie so she merely nodded OK.

      As Tim put his head in Mom's lap I could see his face, he may have been a
lot of things but sleepy wasn't one of them.  At first he put his head down
facing the TV screen, but as Mom squirmed and moved around as a result of
watching the movie, Tim turned his head toward her lap and snuggled into her.

      Mom was so involved in the movie that she hadn't noticed his maneuver, and
was now holding me very close -- I was totally aroused.  Putting my right hand
on the side of her neck stroking it lightly, she responded by moving her head
over against my shoulder and just kind of rubbed it back and forth slowly
against it.

      The movie had now progressed to the couple engaging in some rather
graphic foreplay. When the couple began performing oral sex upon one another my
mother seemed to shake and quiver a bit and said, "You musn't watch this, it's
perverted.  Only sick people do that!"

      I asked if she'd ever tried it -- something I would have never asked her
about before.  To my surprise, she snapped in reply, "Of course not!"  Well I'd
always thought her a bit of a prude, but not quite that much.  Even with her
negative feelings in regards to oral sex she was becoming very aroused.  As she
sat tightly against me, her erect nipples felt like hot pebbles against my
side.  I turned into her neck and began to nuzzle her ear which further aroused
her. However, she never turned away from the television screen.

      I noticed Tim was now moving one hand up and down the top of her thighs,
which caused Mom's legs to open and close with excitement.  I moved one hand to
her breast and began fondling it, to which Mom really let out a loud moan. But
then she suddenly became aware of what was going on and placing her hand upon
mine, she moved it down off her breast to her side, saying "Please don't act
naughty," and returned her attention to the movie where the couple was just
beginning to engage in coitus.

      As the man in the movie put his cock to the woman's entrance of her
vagina and slowly pushed in, mother gripped me firmly.  I again moved my hand
to her breast, stroking it lightly across its surface.  This time she simply
moaned saying "Ooooohhh ok, but nothing else, it's just while we're enjoying
this movie then you have to stop.  I can't believe you're doing this and that
I'm letting you.  This movie is affecting me so much I don't know what I'm
doing."

      Tim had been observing my actions and had begun moving his hand between
her thighs, slowly pushing them apart.  His face now pressed into her groin area
and was blowing warm air across her pussy.  As mother wasn't fully aware of
this, he grasped her nightgown and pulled it around her waist. This had the
effect of exposing her bare cunt allowing Tim to sorta' nuzzle up to it very
slowly without attracting her attention.
     
      Even though it may not have drawn her attention, which was still fully
focused upon the scene in the movie wherein the couple was engaging in full
blown coitus, but her body certainly knew all about it.  Of their own accord
and without any assistance her legs spread open even further -- other than
Tim's blowing and the light touch of his fingers upon the outer lips of her
pussy.

      Wanting more, I moved my hand to the buttons down the middle of the
nightgown and gently undid them to her waist before separating the two halves
and gazed upon my mother's firm breasts.  I put my hand on a breast and fondled
and massaged it while mother was still almost totally in the control of her
varied emotions -- the movie, my fondling and Tim's stealthy actions in her
lap.

      Tim now moved her cunt lips apart with his fingers and slid his tongue
down the length of her slit, but when he moved to her clitoris she jumped so
much she almost threw us both off.  She slapped lightly at his head, saying, 
"Tim! What do you think you're doing?  Ohh, you really are a nasty boy.  You
just go back to sleep."
                                          
      What a joke!  Mom was now in a state of denial and was simply going
through the motions of making some sort of proper response. But the responses
she was really getting were from her body and she could no longer control them.
She put her head against the back of the couch while my head began moving down
her chest onto her erect nipples where I began to suckle, all the while keeping
my hand busy fondling her other breast.

      Tim, after a momentary pause, once more was licking and sipping at Mom's
excited cunt.

      Mom had kind of sagged back into the couch and had given up completely
any pretense of resistance while making little noises.

      "Ooohhh, OOoohh, oh god, OOoohhhh, yes, OOoohh"

      Tim motioned for me to pull her shoulders down to the seat of the couch
which afforded us more room and after a perfunctory move on her part to stop us
Mom simply laid back and closed her eyes.  Tim put one of her legs up over the
back of the couch which had the effect of opening Mom's cunt as Tim took every
advantage while diving back upon it and proceeded to lick and suck it for all
he was worth.

      I was so excited by all this I could barely stand it and took out my cock
which I'd started to stroke.  Mom's eyes opened and seeing my state reached
her hand out and merely said "Let me."  Oh the feeling was trememdous as she
began stroking it for me.  After only a minute or so a strange look came over
her eyes and then sorta' pleaded said, "Please let me try this," at which point
she pulled my cock to her mouth and begun to gently suckle upon it.

      I could only take a couple of minutes of this exquisite pleasure before I
felt my climax approaching. I said, "Ohh Mom, please, I'm gonna' cum!"  She
looked at me but just kept on sucking harder and I went off.

      "I'm sorry Mom, but I couldn't stop."

      She just looked up at me tenderly and said, "I never knew doing this
could be so erotic and provided so much pleasure." She then looked down at Tim
and put her hands on his head -- guiding him as he continued sucking her cunt.
She started rocking her hips and waving her thighs in time with his actions.
Soon I heard her gasping and moaning loudly as her orgasm overtook her as she
locked her legs around Tim's neck. Finally she began to relax and her legs fell
apart on the couch as she just laid there moaning softly.

      Tim rose and after removing his clothes, while I did the same, instructed
me to fuck Mom, saying he wanted to try something he'd read about. I didn't
know what he ment but I was more than willing to screw Mom again.  He told me
to get her on top of me.

      I moved to a position between her legs caressing her pussy.  I loved the
feeling of her bare skin and she apparently liked what I was doing too because
she'd begun reacting to my ministrations.

      "Please don't feel bad of me, but I love what you're doing to me," she
said.

      I leaned over and putting her nipple in my mouth, began nursing her
breasts once again, while maintaining my motions upon her pussy with my hand.
This had gone so far I could hardly keep my breath.  She was coming up to
another peak but now I held off. After a moment I continued again and repeated
this over and over until she finally pleaded with me to "keep going, don't stop,
I'm so close."

      I said, "I want to fuck you."

      "Oh no, we can't do that.  You're my son, just keep doing what we've been
doing.  It'd be wrong for us to have intercourse."

      "Mom, we already did it last night. but it went so fast that I want to do
it again but make it last."

      That seemed to reach her and she laid quiet for a few moments, while I
began my activities again.  She again started getting aroused and then said,
"Well, if we've already done it once, I quess it really doesn't matter. I quess
it's not any worse."

      With that I moved my body upon hers.  I hung poised for a moment, my
cock hard quivering as I lined it up within her grove.  I found the opening to
her vagina and slowly pushed forward.  This time I was aware of every movement
and sensation as my cock moved deep into her body.  The heat was like an oven
and she was so slick, my cock just glided in.  I couldn't believe how tight she
still was.

      As I had started in, Mom wrapped herself around me. Her legs came up as I
bottomed out and went around my ass, locking me into her.

      She said, "Just lay there, let me do it."

      I asked her if she'd get on top off me -- I'd heard of it but had never
had the opportunity to try it.  We rolled over, still clinging together.  This
position permitted her to move up and down on my cock at will -- I merely laid
there enjoying the sensations as she'd rise and then fall back onto my cock.

      Then I saw my cousin coming up behind Mom motioning for me to pull her
down onto me.  When I did, he got on the couch behind her putting his hands on
her ass and starting massaging her round globes.  This turned Mom on even more.
Tim was moving her cheeks from side to side, opening and closing them.  He then
reached down and getting some vaseline on his finger spread her cheeks apart
and pressed his finger against her asshole.  He kept up the pressure until his
finger slipped in.

      In shock, Mom's eyes sorta' bugged out of her head as her body stiffened with
Tim's finger in her asshole.  As his finger explored her asshole she attempted
to escape this intrusion by moving forward onto me, but being impaled by my
cock she couldn't escape.  She whimpered with surprise and shame at being
touched this way and putting her head next to mine she asked me to make Tim
stop.
                   
      Although I'd heard of what Tim had in mind, I acted dumb and asked her
what she meant.

      She was too embarrassed to say -- all the while Tim was moving his
finger in and out of her bottom.  I could feel Tim's finger moving back there
as my cock slid in and out of her cunt.

      Finally, I felt Tim's finger being removed and when Mom's face kinda'
tightened up and froze -- I knew Tim's cock was entering her shit chute.  The two
of us were double teaming my prudish mother.
                                               
      Mom said, "Tim's doing something depraved to me and it's hurting.  Please
make him stop.  He. . . his peter is in my anus!"

      I told her it'd soon be alright and that Tim didn't want to stop. She
should just relax and it'd stop hurting soon.  I told Tim not to move for a few
minutes while Mom adjusted to his presence in her asshole as I started a gentle
in and out motion, trying to take her mind off the temporary discomfort.  After a
couple of minutes of this I noticed her breathing had begun to deepen and she'd
begun rocking her body between us.

      She amazed me by saying, "I can't believe this is really happening.  I'd
never thought I'd be doing this, much less with my own son and nephew. It's
actually starting to feel good... oh yes, keep going slow but keep going!"

      By now Tim was also moving his member in and out of her backside and the
pressure from Tim's cock in Mom's shitter made her cunt feel even tighter
around my cock.  I'd never felt anything so tight around my cock before!  I
couldn't really move any faster as there wasn't any room with Mom on top of me
and now Tim back there.

      Mom was really starting to get into this and she was now doing most of
the moving.  She started saying things like, "Oh, Oh, Oh god, Oh God, Oh God,
this is too much, It feels sooooooo goooood.  Oh, how can this feel so good and
be wrong?  I've never felt this turned on before and it's great.  I want more!
I love you guys for showing me what I've been missing."

      Mom was on her hands with her arms locked around my neck asking me to
hold her breasts some more, "Please," she said, "please hold and squeeze them
hard."

      Well I couldn't refuse and she began moving forward and back, and then up
and down, suddenly she dropped her chest down onto my face and told me to suck
her nipples hard! "Bite them! Bite them but be gentle." As I did she reached her
peak.  I felt her pussy convulse with her orgasm and I exploded, too.......

      It was so intense that I almost passed out.  Tim was now bucking hard
into Mom's backside and was having a difficult time holding off, but as he kept
up Mom was still cumming over and over again.  Tim grunted loudly with his
climax and plowed into Mom's asshole one last time...

                                 The End or ...

                        --------------------------------

      This was my first attempt at writing one of these.  I borrowed the
beginning (Part 1) and expanded upon it.  The second one is completely
original.  I now have a much greater appreciation with the difficulties
involved in writing one of these.  I'm neither a writer, nor a typist and would
appreciate responses... I have no real idea if these were any good or not from
an erotic literary stand point.

      By the time you finish one of these it's old hat to the writer... you
tend to lose your perspective... My style may have resulted in a very boring
story... so please, let me know... especially if you found it totally
lacking... This took a lot of time and there's no sense in wasting it.

      Just post comments as a text file "c-mom.txt" and etc.

 ..........................................Thanks in advance..............



-- 
+--------------' Story submission `-+-' Moderator contact `------------+
| story-submit@qz.little-neck.ny.us | story-admin@qz.little-neck.ny.us |
| Archive site +--------------------+------------------+ Newsgroup FAQ |
\ &lt;URL:http://www.netusa.net/~eli/erotica/assm/&gt;    .../assm/faq.html&gt; /
