<!--ADULTSONLY-->
<meta http-equiv="pics-label" content='(pics-1.1 "http://www.icra.org/ratingsv02.html" l gen true for "http://asstr.org" r (cz 1 la 1 lb 1 lc 1 na 1 nb 1 nc 1 nd 1 ne 1 nf 1 ng 1 nh 1 ni 1 oa 1 ob 1 oc 1 of 1 og 1 oh 1 va 1 vb 1 vc 1 vd 1 ve 1 vf 1 vg 1 vh 1 vi 1 vj 1 vk 1) "http://www.rsac.org/ratingsv01.html" l gen true for "http://asstr.org" r (n 4 s 4 v 4 l 4))' />
<pre>
Message-ID: &lt;6000eli$9712011848@qz.little-neck.ny.us&gt;
X-Archived-At: &lt;URL:http://www.netusa.net/~eli/erotica/assm/Year97/6000.txt&gt;
From: cmndr@nym.alias.net (Commander Jameson)
Subject: {ASS} RP: "Tender Loving Care" by Day Dreamer (mF inc)
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories.moderated,alt.sex.stories,alt.sex.stories.incest
Followup-To: alt.sex.stories.d
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
X-Email: Don't send me e-mail as BCC - it will bounce.
Path: qz!not-for-mail
Organization: The Committee To Thwart Spam
Approved: &lt;usenet-approval@qz.little-neck.ny.us&gt;
X-Moderator-Contact: Eli the Bearded &lt;story-admin@qz.little-neck.ny.us&gt;
X-Story-Submission: &lt;story-submit@qz.little-neck.ny.us&gt;
X-Original-Message-ID: &lt;34831da9.26945748@207.14.113.10XCJ&gt;



       WARNING:  The following story includes explicit descriptions
       of sexual acts and involves an incestous relationship.  If you
       are offended by such content or are a minor or live in an area
       where sexually explicit material is prohibited, then please
       read no further and hit the Delete Article button.


                            TENDER LOVING CARE

                  A Story of Mother Love by Day Dreamer


        "My goodness, Davey, what are you doing home on Friday evening
        watching TV instead of out on a date?  This is the second weekend
        in a row you've stayed home."  Alice Renfrow, Davey's mother,
        stood in front of her son seated on the couch, and smiling down
        at him, continued, "Not that I object to having you at home, mind
        you.  Since your father died, I get lonely sometimes, so it's
        nice having you here in the evening.  Still, though, I can't help
        but worry about you, even if you are grown.  You used to date all
        the time, but lately that seems to have slowed down."  She
        brushed the hair up off his forehead and asked, "Having some
        trouble with your love life?"

        Davey looked up at his mother and laughed, a soft embarrassed
        laugh.  "No, Mom, everything's okay.  I just decided to stay away
        from girls for a while."

        Alice sat down next to Davey and took his hand in hers.  "Now
        that sounds a little ominous.  I thought you were really into
        girls.  The phone used to ring off the wall with their calling
        you.  Has something happened?  Are you having some kind of
        problem with a girl?"  Alice got a concerned expression on her
        face and said, "You haven't gotten a girl pregnant, have you?"

        Davey laughed again, but this time the laugh was of amusement,
        not embarrassment. "Don't I wish!  No, Mom, I can assure you I
        haven't gotten any girl with child."

        Alice squeezed his hand and said, "Well, why don't you tell me
        about it.  After all, moms are usually the problem solver around
        a house."

        "Oh, gee, Mom, come on.  It's not that big a deal.  Besides, it's
        not the kind of problem I could talk with you about.  It's
        strictly a boy-thing."

        "Oh, sure," Alice said, with a wry smile.  "Your mom was raised
        in a convent--you'd offend her sensibilities if you talked to her
        about something sexual.  At least I assume it's sexual.  Am I
        right?"

        Davey blushed a little, and nodding his head said, "Yeah, sort
        of--at least from one way of looking at it."

        Alice got that serious expression on her face again and said,
        "Davey, I may be a woman, but I do know a little bit about `boy
        things.' When I was growing up, I had two younger brothers who
        didn't keep many secrets from me.  I helped them with a lot of
        their cominng-of-age problems.  Besides that, your father Joe and
        I were married for almost twenty years, and we sure had more than
        just a platonic relationship."  Her serious expression turning
        into a smile, she continued. "We had a good, active sex life.  I
        can guarantee you aren't the result of an immaculate conception.
        You're the product of some plain old-fashioned, down-and-dirty
        bones-jumping. I may not be a Dr. Ruth, but I DO know more than
        just a smattering about sex.  I may even know enough to help you
        with your problem."

        "Mom, I'm not sure I even know how to talk about it."

        "You can start by telling me why you aren't dating anymore.  Are
        they turning you down?"

        "Well, those I've dated a few times are.  They just say it's not
        any use, that it only leads to frustration."

        "Who's frustration, their's or your's?"

        "Well, their's, and mine, too.  Boy, do I EVER mean mine."

        "I take it you want to make out with them, but they refuse, even
        when they really want to.  You end up frustrated, and so do they.
        Is that what you're talking about?"

        Davey smiled wryly and said, "Yeah, that's about the way it is.
        I end up actually physically hurting from frustration."

        "Bad case of the blue balls, huh?"

        Davey couldn't help but grin at his mother's use of a term he
        didn't even know she knew.  "Yeah, bad cases.  Lots of bad
        cases."

        "Well, I'll have to admit I'm a little confused.  I was under the
        impression that girls today were as sexually active as boys.  I
        thought most girls were as eager to hop into bed as boys are.  I
        guess maybe there still are some old-fashioned girls and you've
        ended up dating them.  Maybe what you need is to find out which
        girls have a...do they still call it `reputation?'...and ask them
        for dates."

        "No, that's not the problem.  Most of the girls I've been dating
        have been completely willing to `hop into bed' with me, as you
        put it.  Eager, in fact.  It's just that when we get right down
        to doing it, they give up.  A couple of them tried real hard, but
        ended up saying it couldn't be done.  Most of them just say `no
        way' at the start and don't even give it a try.  It's happened so
        many times now that I decided to cool it for a while.  Maybe
        someday I'll meet a girl where everything works out okay."

        Alice got her concerned look back, and rubbing her hand up and
        down Davey's forearm, said, "You're awfully young to be having
        problems with impotence.  I'm sure it must be something physical
        that a doctor can help.  I'll make an appointment for you with a
        urologist on Monday."

        Davey threw his head back and laughed loudly.  "Impotence?  Now
        that IS funny.  No, Mom, my problem sure isn't impotence. It's...
        well, it's more like the opposite."

        Like a light bulb going on above someone's head in a comic strip,
        a look of comprehension came on Alice's face.  Unable to keep
        from it, she dropped her eyes and looked at the crotch of Davey's
        jeans.  Having satisfied her curiousity, she raised her eyes and
        looked into his face again.  "You mean your problem is that
        you're...you're too big?"

        Davey's face flushed with embarrassment and he said, "Yeah,
        that's about it.  I haven't met a girl yet who is big enough for
        me.  Just look at me--I'm twenty years old and still a VIRGIN!"

        Alice once again stroked Davey's arm and said, "Oh, poor baby.
        You look so much like Joe that I wondered if you would inherit
        his other characteristics.  He was built very big, and you must
        have gotten it from him."

        "You mean Dad had a big...uh, I mean Dad was built big, too?"

        Alice got a far-away look on her face and whispered, "Yes, he had
        a huge...that is, he was big, very big."

        "How big was he?"

        Alice spread her hands apart about twelve inches and said, "He
        was about this long."  She curled a hand in large circle and
        continued,  "And about this big around.  About as big around as a
        Coke can."

        Davey's eyes grew wide and he whispered, "That sounds like you're
        describing me when I have a...when I get excited.  And you were
        able to take it?"

        "You're living proof of it," she said, laughing.  "Now don't get
        me wrong.  It wasn't easy, particularly at first.  It took me
        over two weeks to get stretched enough for us to finally
        consummate our marriage.  Even after that, it was a couple more
        weeks before I was completely comfortable with it and could enjoy
        it."  She got that far-away look in her eyes again and whispered,
        "Yes, really enjoy it." Her eyes refocused and she smiled.  "It's
        going to take a girl with lots of patience and desire to be able
        to accommodate you.  I hate to tell you this, but it probably
        won't happen until you find a girl who loves you and you marry
        her."

        "Oh, God!" Davey said.  "I'm nowhere near ready to get married.
        You mean I'm going to have to do without?"

        Alice smiled and said, "Well, as I'm sure you know, there ARE
        other ways of taking care of your needs."

        Davey frowned and said, "Girls can't get it in their mouths,
        either."

        Alice couldn't help but laugh at his misunderstanding, and said,
        "Well, that takes practice, so I figured that was the case.  What
        I really meant was this."  She held up her hand and, cupping her
        fingers like they were holding something round, moved it up and
        down.  "I know it's a poor substitute, but it's better than
        nothing."

        "You're right about it's being a poor substitute."  He smiled a
        crooked grin and said, "I'm `living proof' of that, too."  His
        expression grew serious again when he continued, "Sometimes I
        want the real thing so bad that I skip that sort of exercise.
        That's why you find signs of wet dreams on my sheets sometimes."

        Alice smiled again and said, "Yes, sweetheart, I've seen them.
        But wet dreams are normal for a boy, so I didn't worry about
        them."

        "Mom, would it embarrass you to tell me how you went about being
        able to take Dad, to stretch yourself enough?"

        "Not unless it bothers you."

        "Tell me anyway, even if I blush a little."

        "It would probably be better if I showed you.  Let me get some
        things from my room and I'll do show and tell for you."

        Alice went to her bedroom and returned in a few moments with a
        large shoe box.  She opened it and pulled out a dildo that was
        just about the size of a normal cock--about six inches long and
        about as big around as an ordinary cock.  "We started with this.
        He used this on me until I was comfortable with it."  She smiled
        and said, "This is the sucker that made a woman of me, that took
        away my maidenhead."  She then pulled another dildo out, one
        about nine inches long and proportionately larger around.  "After
        I was able to take old Mr. Normal there, we graduated to this
        one, Mr. Intermediate.  We used this one for about a week until I
        was able to be completely at ease with it."

        "Well, it sounds like you were being taken care of while all this
        was going on.  But what about poor old Dad?"

        Alice held up hand, just like she had done before.  "I used this.
        You're right, it was a poor substitute, but it kept him from a
        terminal case of the blue balls."

        "Then what?"

        "Then we used Big Daddy."  Alice reached into the box and pulled
        out a massive dildo.  It was a perfect replica of a penis, except
        it was about twelve inches long and as big around as a Coke can.
        Davey couldn't help but gasp--it looked just like his cock did
        when he had a hard-on.  Seeing it affected him strongly, and his
        cock swelled a little at the sight.  The thought of a woman being
        able to take a cock the size of that dildo, of being able to take
        a cock as large as his, into her pussy filled him with a feeling
        of excitement he hadn't had in a long time.  "God, Mom," Davey
        whispered, "you were able to get that in your...get that in you?"

        "Not at first.  But with lots of love and tenderness, several
        tubes of K-Y jelly, and doing just a little more each time, we
        finally succeeded.  After it got so that he could slide it in and
        out, we finally graduated to the real thing.  Your poor father
        finally was able to give up the poor substitute and get the real
        thing.  God, we did it practically all that night."  Blushing a
        little at her confession, she added, "I'm pretty sure we made you
        that night."

        By this time, Davey's cock had filled the front of his jeans,
        making them swell like they were stuffed with a large sausage.
        Alice looked down at his swollen pants and said, "Yeah, Baby, it
        does look like you've got the Renfrow curse all right."

        Davey blushed and said, "Gee, no girl will be willing to go
        through that process just to screw...uh, just to make love to
        me."

        "If she loves you enough, she will."

        "I sure hope so.  Maybe Miss Right will come along soon.  Maybe
        she'll be willing to go through the stretching exercise without
        our having to get married."

        "Maybe so, but she would be more willing if she loved you
        completely and you were married."

        "Gee, Mom, I'm not sure finding this out has helped me all that
        much.  Before, I was just frustrated, thinking that sooner or
        later I would find a girl who was big enough to take me.  Now, it
        looks like they're few and far between and even then have to be
        willing to get themselves ready for me.  At least I had some hope
        before.  Now I see it's going to be pretty much of a later, not
        sooner, sort of deal."

        "Oh, Baby, I'm sorry.  I didn't mean to discourage you.  You
        asked me to show you what it took, and I did."

        Davey smiled, a gentle loving smile, and said, "Aw, gee, Mom, I'm
        not bitching at you.  I'm glad you told me about this.  It's just
        that it's discouraging to find out my frustration is going to
        have go on for a while."

        "But just think how good it will be when it does happen."

        "Yeah, I just hope I'm not an old, gray-haired man when it
        finally does."

        That night when Davey showered, he soaped up his cock and
        masturbated to subdue his hard-on.  As he did, he pictured in his
        mind that largest dildo, pushing in and out of his mother's
        pussy, wet and glistening and making slurping sounds as it fucked
        her.  That imaginary sight quickly brought on his orgasm, and he
        spurted huge jets of come into the water and down the drain.
        He had never thought of his mother in a sexual way before, but
        after listening to her tell about what she and his dad had done,
        he had different thoughts.  He thought about his father's huge
        cock moving in and out of his mom's pussy, and even though he had
        just had an orgasm, he immediately grew semi-hard.  After he
        finally got to sleep, he dreamed about his father using those
        dildos on his mother.  Right at the end of the dream, it changed
        so that it was he who plunged that huge plastic cock in and out
        of her pussy.  When he awoke the next morning, his shorts were
        sticky and the stain of a wet dream covered the middle of his
        sheet.

                                 *    *    *    *

        The next evening after Davey had showered and gone to bed, he
        heard his bedroom door open and his mother whisper, "Davey, are
        you asleep yet?"

        "No, not yet.  Come on in."  Davey could see her standing in his
        doorway, the hall light shining behind her.  She had on a thin
        night gown and the light behind her showed the silhouette of her
        body through the sheer fabric.  He could see that even though she
        was in her early-forties, she still had a thin, youthful body.
        The soft fuzziness that could only be pubic hair could be seen
        where the light showed through the open triangle at the juncture
        of her crotch and thighs.  He drew in a deep breath at the sight,
        and his cock came to instant attention, pushing up the sheet that
        covered him.  He thought about a cock the size of his penetrating
        the depths of that region and his penis throbbed in response.
        Seeing her that way coupled with his memory of her talking about
        sex acts with his father made him recognize as he hadn't before
        that his mother was a very sexy and desirable woman.  For just a
        brief instant he couldn't help but fantasize about its being his
        twelve-inch cock penetrating that shadowy pubic area.  Realizing
        that it was his mother about whom he was having such lewd, per-
        verted thoughts, he groaned and willed his erection to go away.
        Will power did no good, though, and he was still poking up his
        sheet as she walked into the room.

        Davey could see that his mother had something in her hands.  As
        she came toward his bed, he could see that it was a wash-cloth
        and what looked like a tube of toothpaste.  When she reached the
        bed, she sat down next to his supine body and said, "Davey, I
        thought about the problem you talked about last night and I
        couldn't help but feel terribly sorry for you.  Your dad told me
        of the frustrations he had before we got married, so I know a
        little about what you must be going through."  She brushed the
        hair out his eyes and continued, "I decided that what you needed
        is some TLC--some of Mom's tender loving care."  She looked down
        at the tent his cock was making of the sheet and in a soft voice
        said, "It looks like I was right and that I got here at just the
        right time."

        "What do you mean?" Davey whispered, barely able to speak.  Her
        words and the admiring, almost exultant, look she gave his rigid
        penis filled him with erotic feelings and caused his cock to beat
        and throb even more than it had been.

        Alice raised her hand up like she had done the evening before and
        said, "I thought maybe you would enjoy a change from your `poor
        substitute.'  This may be a poor substitute, too, but it's been
        my experience that it's always better when someone other than
        yourself does it."  She dropped her hand down to Davey's cock and
        brushed it over the tented sheet.  Davey gasped at the touch and
        drew his breath in sharply.  Alice smiled at his reaction and
        said, "I thought maybe I would be that other someone."

        Alice pressed her hand down on the bulging sheet and took hold of
        Davey's rigidity.  "God, you ARE big!" she said, her eyes widen-
        ing in surprise and pleasure.  She reached up and took hold of
        the sheet and pulled it down, pulling it until it reached below
        Davey's knees.  There, revealed to Alice's sight was Davey's
        cock, sticking straight up out of his boxer shorts.  Davey could
        hear her sharp intake of breath as he was revealed to her and
        feel how her fingers trembled as she reached up and pulled his
        shorts down and completely off.  She reached out both hands and
        wrapped them around his shaft, murmuring, "Oh, Davey, Baby!  Oh,
        Baby, you're so BIG!  You're Joe made all over again.  Oh, God,
        you're as big if not bigger than he was."

        She ran her hands lightly over his cock and said, "Oh, poor
        Davey.  So hard, so much in need of relief.  Let me take care of
        you.  I'll give you the relief you need."  She lifted the tube
        and Davey saw it was K-Y Jelly, not toothpaste.  After taking off
        the lid, she squeezed a big blob right on top of the plum-sized
        head of his cock. Putting a palm on top of his cock, she spread
        it around and then with her hand cupped, she smeared the slick
        lubricant the length of his shaft, completely coating it.

        By now, Davey was almost panting in excitement and his hips were
        moving up and down, pushing his shaft in and out of her hand.
        Unable to control himself, he moaned, "Oh, God, Mom!  Oooohh,
        that's so good."

        She squeezed out another blob of jelly and moved her hand to his
        balls, lubricating them in the same way his cock was.  Then, with
        him slick all over, she began to rub his balls, running her
        fingers lightly over his scrotum.  With her other hand, she
        slowly pumped up and down his shaft.  When she came to his
        sensitive glans, she ran her finger tips in little circles over
        it.  Davey recognized that she was expert at this, that she knew
        exactly what she was doing.  Slowly but inexorably, Davey's
        passion grew and he was soon moaning continuously from the
        pleasure his mother's hands were giving him.  Straining up to the
        source of his pleasure, he pushed his hips completely off the
        bed, his cock thrust way up into the air.  Pre-come oozed out his
        cock in a rapid flow and he soon felt that his cock was coated in
        liquid pleasure.  "Oh, God, Mom, I'm so close," he groaned.

        "Yes, sweetheart, just let it happen.  That's what I want.  Come
        hard and get relief."

        Davey arched his back high and held it, his body rigid.  His cock
        jerked, and suddenly a huge glob of sperm shot up into the air,
        flying up about two feet and then splattering on his chest.
        Alice put her palm over the head and took a spurt in her hand and
        then used it to make him even more slippery.  She continued
        pumping until his come quit shooting up in the air and just ran
        out in little dribbles down over her hand.  By now, all his
        stomach and thighs were covered with splatters of his erupting
        passion.

        Gradually, Davey relaxed, his hips falling back down to the bed.
        He had his eyes closed and was still breathing hard.  "Oh, God,
        Mom, I don't know what to say," he finally managed to whisper.

        "Don't say anything, just relax and enjoy the relief."  She took
        the wash cloth she had brought with her and cleaned him, wiping
        up all the blobs of his come.  When she had finished, she kissed
        him on the cheek.  "Feel better now?" she asked.

        "Like I've died and gone to heaven.  It's never been that good
        before." He touched her on the arm and said, "Thanks, Mom.  That
        was the best TLC ever."

        "That's what moms are for.  Pleasant dreams, sweetheart."

        Davey couldn't help but grin and say, "At least they should be
        dry dreams."

        Relaxed from the most marvelous orgasm he had ever experienced,
        Davey started dozing immediately after Alice left his room.  Just
        as he was almost asleep, he heard a soft, almost muffled, sound
        from her room next door.  It was a rhythmic sound, like something
        moving back and forth.  The sound was soon joined by soft moans
        and gasps.  Davey was so relaxed and sleepy he couldn't be sure
        whether the sounds were real or part of a dream.

                                 *    *    *    *

        The next morning Davey awoke to the aroma of freshly brewed
        coffee.  Getting out of bed, he realized he was completely nude.
        Memory of the evening before came back to him in a flash and his
        cock came to half-erection when he remembered the special TLC his
        mother had provided.  After he located his shorts, he put them on
        and went to the kitchen, ready for a cup of that coffee.  Alice
        had poured herself a cup already and was sitting at the table
        sipping it slowly.  She looked up when he came in and said, "Good
        morning, slug-a-bed.  Coffee's ready--join me in a cup of
        eye-opener."

        Davey poured himself a cup and came back to the table.  As he
        started to sit down, he got an eye-opener that was better than
        any jolt coffee could provide.  Alice still had on her night gown
        and the way she was leaning over her coffee allowed him to look
        right down its top and see all her breasts.  They were creamy
        white and topped with the little brown nubbins of her nipples.
        Davey had to sit down quickly before Alice could see the way his
        cock jutted out, pushing the front of his shorts out in a tent.
        Even sitting down didn't help that much because he could still
        see the dark circles of her areolas through the gown and the way
        her nipples pushed the fabric out.  He deliberately took a
        swallow of the scalding coffee to get his mind off the charms
        Alice was displaying.

        After they finished their coffee, Alice got up and took her cup
        to the sink.  As she did so, Davey watched her and enjoyed the
        sight.  Her thin gown molded to her body and showed Davey just
        how slender and feminine his mother was.  The thin fabric draped
        itself into the cleavage between her buttocks, allowing Davey to
        see how round and soft her ass was.  The way the gown was
        clinging to her, the pale flesh of her buttocks was clearly
        visible.  Davey remembered seeing Alice's body through that gown
        the evening before, and in the full light of day it was even more
        revealing.  Up until then, he hadn't really paid that much
        attention to her--she was his mother and she was just there.
        Now, though, Davey wished that Alice was someone other than his
        mother.

        Davey got up and came up behind Alice, pressing himself against
        her.  He wrapped his arms around her waist and kissed her on the
        back of the neck.  "Thanks for last night, Mom.  I really needed
        that." Holding her like that, his cock pressed against her
        buttocks, he could feel their warmth and firmness against his
        body.  His cock, which had subsided a little, once again
        hardened.  As it gristled and extended, it pressed into the
        crevice between her ass cheeks, nestling into her cleavage as if
        it had found a home.

        Alice put her hands on top of Davey's and pushed her buttocks
        back against the hard shaft invading into her nether region.  She
        laughed and said, "Well, it's effect sure didn't last long, did
        it?  Twenty!  I had forgotten how horny young men get." Alice
        pulled Davey's hands from her waist and turned around to face
        him.  Reaching down, she took hold of his cock through his shorts
        and said, "Baby, you're all hard and bothered again, aren't you?
        What is it going to take to keep you relaxed for a while?"  She
        smiled--a soft, secret kind of smile--and said, "Maybe if I gave
        it a Big Daddy special, this will stay down for a while." She
        went into the living room and stood in front of an easy chair.
        "Come, Davey, sit."  Davey did as she asked and just as he was
        going to sit down, Alice pulled his shorts down to his feet.  She
        pushed him gently so that he had to sit and then knelt on the
        floor in front of him.

        Davey's cock stood up like a pale white cudgel, hard and
        throbbing.  Alice reached out and took his shaft in her hand,
        saying, "God, Baby, I believe it's grown even from last night."

        "Lord, I hope not.  It's enough trouble as it is."

        Alice brought her face up close to Davey's cock and said, "Now,
        let's see if we can make this thing behave itself for a while."
        As she said this, she stuck out her tongue and licked it all over
        the huge, throbbing head of his cock.  He gasped at the contact
        and muttered, "God, Mom, no one has ever done that for me before.
        No girl has ever been willing to try."  Holding his cock by the
        base, she licked up and down its full length, using her tongue
        expertly on the small area just under the bulging head.  "Oh,
        Mom, that's fantastic."

        Alice stopped her oral ministrations and looked up at Davey. "I
        used to do this to Dad every once in a while.  Back when I had
        periods before my hysterectomy, I would give him relief this way.
        He loved it, and I felt sure you would too."  She grinned and
        added, "It usually managed to keep him down for at least a day."
        She opened her mouth wide in a big circle and then closed it. "I
        used to be able to take part of his cock in my mouth.  I wonder
        if I can still do that?"  She opened her mouth wide again and
        popped the big head of Davey's cock into that oral cavity.  It
        was a tight fit, but she managed to get all of it in and suck on
        it.  All Davey could do was moan and thrust his cock up to his
        mother's pleasure-giving mouth.

        Alice moved her head over Davey's cock and pushed her mouth down
        on top of it.  He felt it slide in about two inches and press
        hard against the back of her mouth.  She extended her tongue
        under the head and, still sucking with her mouth, swirled her
        oral digit in circles over and over his glans.  Davey's breath
        became labored and he almost panted as his pleasure mounted
        higher and higher.  Alice put one hand on his cock and started
        pumping and lightly caressed his balls with the other one.
        Davey's whole torso quivered in response to these ministrations
        and he put his hands in his mother's hair and caressed her.  "Oh,
        God, Mom, I'm getting close.  So close.  If you don't stop, I'm
        going to come in your mouth."  All Alice did in response to his
        warning was suck and pump harder.

        The message this action communicated to him was too much for
        him--his cock started jerking and come spewed out in huge spurts.
        Davey had never experienced such ecstasy in his life, and he just
        kept coming, jerking up toward her mouth with each shot.  He
        could see her throat working as she swallowed madly, trying to
        keep up with his copious gushing.  She almost succeeded, and only
        a few dribbles escaped out the corners of her mouth, running down
        his cock and over her hand.  Davey's orgasm slowly diminished and
        soon his cock stopped its flow and started to shrink.  As it grew
        smaller in size, Alice took more into her mouth.  Soon it had
        shrunken enough for her to take it all inside.  Only when it had
        completely shriveled up and returned to normal size did Alice
        release it from her mouth.  Davey looked down and saw it was
        completely clean--Alice had managed to suck all traces of come
        from it.

        Alice sat up then and smiled at Davey.  As she did, she licked
        off the last vestiges of come that coated her lips.  "Oh, Mom, I
        never thought that could happen to me.  I didn't believe any girl
        could manage to do that.  It was like a dream come true."

        "I told you it took a little practice."  She patted his now
        flaccid cock and said, "Looks like practice makes perfect, too.
        That seems to have taken care of your old monster for a while."
        She laughed, giving his cock a gentle squeeze, and stood up.
        Davey had never felt love for anyone the way he loved his mom for
        what she had just done.

                                 *    *    *    *

        That evening after dinner, Davey showered, put on a pair of
        pajama bottoms, and went into the den to watch TV.  After about
        thirty minutes, Alice came in too.  Davey could see that the tips
        of her hair were damp, so she must have just showered, also.  He
        could see a whole lot more than that, too, and he liked every bit
        of it.  She was dressed in just a short night gown that came to
        about the middle of her thighs.  As she walked across the room to
        the sofa, her breasts jiggled so he knew they were roaming free
        under the thin fabric of the night gown.  The gown clung to her
        just as the one she had worn that morning had, showing off the
        curves of her slender hips and the thinness of her waist.  When
        she sat down on the sofa, she tucked one leg under her, revealing
        all the insides of one thigh, almost all the way up to her
        crotch.  She looked very feminine and very sexy, and she turned
        him on like no other girl or woman ever had.  He was relieved his
        cock was tucked down into the seam of his pajamas so that it
        wasn't too evident what seeing her like that was doing to him.
        After what she had done for him, not just once, but twice, during
        the last twenty-four hours, she would probably think he was some
        sort of freak for getting another hard-on.  He liked what she had
        done for him, and he didn't want her to stop doing it because she
        was impatient and disgusted with him.

        In a few moments, Alice became interested in the TV show and
        leaned back and relaxed.  As she did, her night gown crept up on
        her thighs and she spread her legs apart.  Where Davey had been
        able to see only half-way up her thigh before, he could see all
        the way now.  And what a sight he saw!  Her pussy, covered with a
        mass of black pubic hair, was completely on display.  He knew she
        might look at him any second and catch him looking between her
        legs, but he couldn't pull his eyes away.  With her sitting like
        that and with the angle of vision he had, her pussy didn't look
        much different from those he had seen and even tried to penetrate
        before.  But Davey knew it WAS different.  He knew it was a pussy
        that could accommodate even his massive organ, and the sight of
        it mesmerized him.  He had an overpowering desire to touch it, to
        push his fingers inside, and discover what a pussy that size felt
        like.  He wanted to return the favors she had given him--return
        them in kind and in full measure.

        Unable to resist the urge, Davey got up and sat down on sofa next
        to Alice.  "Mom," he said, "is that a show you want to watch?  I
        need to talk with you a minute but I can wait until it's over."

        Alice turned toward him an laughed.  "No, it's just one of those
        evening soaps.  I can watch tomorrow night and not have missed a
        thing.  What do you have on your mind?"

        "You remember how you said you worried about me because I didn't
        date?  Well, I have the same sort of worry about you.  It's been
        well over two years now since Dad died, and you haven't once been
        out with a man in all that time.  You're a beautiful woman, and
        you're still young.  You told me yourself that you get lonely.
        Mom, isn't it about time for you to start thinking about yourself
        and get back into circulation?  Thank you for taking caring care
        of me, I really need it and appreciate it, but you probably need
        taking care of yourself."

        Alice turned around on her sofa, her leg still under her, and
        reached out a hand and put in on the back of his neck.  She
        leaned forward and gave him a light kiss on the lips.  Leaning
        back, she said, "Oh, Davey, you're so sweet.  Thank you for
        caring.  The truth of the matter is that I HAVE been out with
        men."  Davey got a quizzical expression on his face, and Alice
        laughed in response.  "You remember the times I said I was going
        out with the girls?"  Davey nodded his head.  "Well, I didn't go
        out with girls, I went out with men.  I was embarrassed for you
        to know about it, so I created little fictions to keep it from
        you."

        "But you don't do it any more.  Why not?"

        Alice got a wry smile on her face and said, "Well, I found out
        some things.  First, all the good men are married already.  The
        ones I dated were just the left-overs." She dropped her face and
        looked down.  "Second, I found out that after a woman gets used
        to a big man, normal sized men don't come close to satisfying
        her."  She looked up again and continued, "I just gave it up as a
        bad thing."  She got a crooked grin on her face and continued,
        "That's why I could identify so much with your problem and know
        how much you needed some relief."

        "But, gee, Mom, you told me you and Dad had an active sex life.
        What do you do now?  Don't you miss it?"

        "Sure, I miss it.  I miss it like crazy."  She got that wry smile
        back on her face again and continued, "As for what I do...."  She
        held up her hand, spreading her fingers apart, and flexed her
        middle finger back and forth.

        Davey smiled and said, "That's a poor substitute."

        Smiling sadly, Alice said, "So tell me about it.  Like you said,
        `I'm living proof of that.'"

        Davey put his hand on Alice's bare knee and ran it up the inside
        of her thigh almost up to her crotch.  She put her hand on top of
        his and said, "Davey, what are you DOING!"

        "You gave me some TLC, now I'm going to give you some in return.
        You said yourself that it's better when someone else does it."

        "But you're my SON!"

        "That didn't stop you from taking care of me."

        "But I did it because I love you and didn't want to see you
        suffer."

        "I love you, too, and I want to do this for you.  I want
        you to feel as good as I felt."

        Alice didn't verbally acquiesce, but she removed her hand from
        atop his at let him continue his movement up between her legs.
        His fingers first encountered the mass of her curly pubic hair
        and then they came to the goal they had been seeking, the crease
        of her pussy.  Extending a finger, he probed gently between her
        labial lips, working his finger inside her furrow until he found
        her clitoris.  Using just a light touch, he ran his finger tip
        across its surface.  She put her hand back on top of his and
        murmured, "Ohhh, Davey, this is so wrong."  She squeezed the lips
        of her pussy down on his finger and whispered, "But it feels so
        GOOD, and I need it so MUCH.  Oh, Baby, if you keep doing that I
        can't stop you."

        "Good. Just lay back and let Davey give you some of his TLC."

        Alice laid back onto the sofa and Davey took her tucked-in leg
        and pulled it out straight.  Then he took the bottom hem of her
        night gown and lifted it up above her waist, completely revealing
        the lower portion of her body.  Although Davey had seen and
        touched this most intimate part of a female before, he found
        himself completely fascinated by the sight of Alice's pubis.  It
        was totally covered by a thick mass of black, stiff hair that
        extended from the upper portion of her thighs well up onto her
        belly.  Her labial lips were thick and slightly pouty, clearly
        delineating the crease between them. Dave knew this was the pussy
        from which he had come, and that made it special beyond any
        others he had seen and touched.

        Almost reverently, Davey pushed his finger back down between her
        labial lips, exploring and searching out her furrow.  He found
        that she was now wetter than she had been before.  Before she had
        been moist from her shower, now her crease was slippery and
        slick.  She was quickly responding to his caresses, her furrow
        and pussy coating themselves with feminine lubrication.  He
        probed his finger deeper, seeking out her clitoris once more, and
        she spread her legs apart, inviting him to fully explore and make
        hand love to all of her sexual core.  His finger found her hard
        little nubbin at last, and she murmured a soft little "Ummmnnn"
        sound at the contact.  Touching his mother like that, delving his
        hand into the very fundament of her sex, filled him with an
        overwhelming feeling of love for her.  That love, though, was
        matched by lust, and his arousal soared to a level he had never
        before experienced.  His cock, tucked down inside his pajamas,
        swelled to its full dimensions and strained for release.

        Davey's lust was such that touching Alice's sex wasn't enough.
        He had to see it also--see up close all the folds and intricacies
        of her pussy and that glorious tunnel large enough to allow
        penetration of that enormous dildo.  He yearned to plunge his
        fingers in and out of that cavity and use them in imitation of
        the way his father had used that huge fake cock.  To see her in
        such a way as that, Davey slipped from the couch and knelt on the
        floor in front of her.  Taking hold of her legs, he pulled
        Alice toward him, pulling her until her buttocks were poised on
        the edge of the couch and her pussy available for his inspection.
        Moving up close to her, he spread her legs even wider apart.  As
        he did so, her sex opened, her furrow gaping wide and the moist
        flesh inside glistening.  Seeing her spread so completely open,
        Davey recognized that she had the pussy of a mature woman, not
        one of the still almost tightly sealed pussies he had seen on the
        young girls he had dated.  If it were possible to fall in love
        with a vagina, Davey would at that moment have fallen in love
        with Alice's gaping, wet pussy.  "Beautiful," he murmured.  "God,
        Mom, this is the most beautiful thing I've ever seen." Alice
        squirmed her hips in response and made a soft sound of delight.

        Davey ran his finger up and down the full length of the furrow
        laid open there before him, pressing hard as he brushed across
        the swollen little nipple of her clitoris.  She jerked her hips
        and gasped as he made contact with her most sensitive of spots
        and muttered, "Oh, God!"  From the way she responded to his
        caresses, Davey knew that Alice's need was as great as he had
        imagined it.  He recognized the sound she made as the same he had
        heard through their wall the night before and realized that his
        mother had been masturbating then, had been performing that
        finger flexing exercise on herself.  If she had gotten as aroused
        from giving him relief as he was getting from touching her, then
        she would have needed relief.  Davey remembered her saying it was
        better when someone else did it, and wanted to make it as better
        as he possibly could, to make her have an orgasm even better than
        the one she had obviously had there in her own bedroom.  The
        thought of her coming from his touch made Davey's face flush with
        excitement.  He had never given a girl an orgasm before, but
        right now that was what he wanted to do more than anything in the
        world.  He wanted to make his mother come--come not just once,
        but as many times as he could bring her body to such levels of
        pleasure.

        Alice moved her hips now, little movements that told Davey she
        was enjoying his touches and encouraging him to continue his
        caresses.  Not really needing the encouragement, but even so
        delighted by her response, he probed his fingers down deeper into
        Alice's wet nether regions.  As he came to the bottom of her
        furrow, he discovered the part that he had wanted to touch more
        than any other, the part that held almost mystical attraction for
        him.  At the very center of the widest part of her crease, he saw
        the dark opening to that portion of Alice's body he had been
        seeking, the opening into her mystery of mysteries, the tunnel
        into her depths that was capable of accepting the whole of that
        huge artificial cock.  Slowly and silently, like a supplicant
        entering a temple, he pushed one and then two fingers into that
        secret recess.  Alice lifted her hips up to his hand, driving his
        fingers into the knuckles.  "Ohhhh, Baby, Baby!" she murmured.
        "Yes, like that.  Do it like that."

        Alice's tunnel was hot, and Davey could feel that her pussy was
        as wet and slick inside as it was outside.  He moved his fingers
        around inside the warm cavity and felt the walls of her pussy
        completely surrounding and pressing inward on his fingers.
        Unable to prevent a return of the ideas that only moments before
        had flashed in his mind, he thought, "Oh, God, what it must feel
        like to have a cock in a pussy like this, deep inside where it's
        so hot and wet." Davey's own cock jerked as he thought of such
        pleasure and worked its way loose from where he had tucked it
        into the lower seam of his pajamas.  Where a bulge was all that
        could be seen before, the front of his pajamas now looked like a
        tent being held up with a very large tent pole.

        Alice squirmed her hips as Davey delved her cavern with his
        fingers, and she soon started gentle up-and-down movements,
        moving his fingers in and out of her sheath.  "Oh, God," Davey
        thought, "she's fucking herself on my fingers.  She's as horny as
        I've been, and she's really enjoying this."  From what she had
        told him, Alice hadn't had anything large inside her pussy since
        his dad had died, and was probably receiving as much pleasure
        from his touching her as he was from being the toucher.  He was
        thrilled to see that pleasure--his intention was to make her feel
        as good as he had felt, and he loved the signs of success she was
        showing.

        Wanting to escalate her pleasure even more, Davey added a third
        finger to the two that he was already pushing in and out of
        Alice's vagina.  Wanting to see as well as feel, he moved his
        head right down in front of the entrance so he could get a close-
        up view of her pussy as it accepted the gift of his fingers.
        From there he could see how wet his fingers were from the coating
        of her fluids and how the circle of her pussy entrance gripped
        his fingers as they thrust deep into and then pulled out of her
        opening.  She squirmred her hips more frantically now and made
        soft little mewling sounds.  She touched him on the shoulder and
        stroked him softly, murmuring, "Oh, Baby, it's been so long...so
        long since I've had this."  She thrust her pussy toward his hand,
        saying, "Ohhh, that's so good."  Twisting her hips in a little
        circle, she said, "Oh, God, sweetheart, I've been needing this,
        needing this so bad." Laying her head back and closing her eyes,
        she whispered, "Yesss, Baby, do it to me.  Make me feel good."

        Alice's words so inflamed Davey and made his cock throb so hard
        that he had to reach down and let it come through the fly of his
        pajamas.  Freed of its tight constraint, it poked out from his
        groin, jerking in time with his heartbeat and its head plum-red
        with heat and glistening from the pre-come that oozed from its
        eye.  Relieved of that discomfort, Davey again concentrated his
        attention on Alice's sexual core.

        Davey could see the inside of Alice's furrow deepening in color,
        becoming a dark brownish-red.  Her labial lips had grown thicker
        and pouted out from that channel, giving a clear view of the
        entirety of her sex.  With her so wide open, Davey could see that
        her clitoris was now very prominent.  When he first begun, it was
        just a little bump nestled into its alcove right at the top of
        her channel.  Now it was much larger and protruded out between
        the lips.  Davey took his other hand, and spreading her labial
        lips away from it, gently stroked the hard little nubbin with his
        finger tip.  He could see the little hood that covered it, and he
        brushed it aside and touched the exposed flesh with just a brief
        stroke of his finger.  Alice went wild at the touch, jerking her
        hips wildly and pushing them up off the couch.  "Oh, God!" she
        muttered, her voice almost a growl, and corkscrewed herself
        against his hand, pressing her sensitive little button up against
        the source of her pleasure.

        Seeing her in such pleasure excited Davey even more and intensi-
        fied his desire to bring her the utmost in pleasure, a deep,
        body-wracking orgasm.  Breathing the musky aroma rising from
        Alice's wet flesh worked in concert with his desire, and he
        increased the speed and depth of his fingers, pressing them into
        Alice's hot feminine sex as deeply as he could.

        With Alice's furrow so close to face, he no longer could resist
        doing what he had wanted to do to a girl for so long.  Extending
        his tongue, he licked up and down the full length of her channel,
        licking the inside of her labia and then down to his fingers.
        There he licked all around his rapidly moving fingers, tracing
        the full circle of Alice's vaginal entrance.  Alice thrust her
        hips up even higher than they were before and put her hands in
        Davey's hair, running her fingers through the short curls.
        "Ooooh, Davey, Davey," Alice whispered.

        Davey moved his mouth up to Alice's clitoris and laved it with
        his tongue, stroking it back and forth and around and around.
        "Oh, yes.  Oh, yesssss.  Oh, Davey, Davieeeeee," she whispered,
        her voice almost a croon.  Alice's breathing was becoming labored
        and she was gasping with almost every brush of Davey's tongue
        across her most sensitive spot.  She was beginning to quiver now,
        her whole torso in motion, twisting, turning, pushing.  She
        muttered little inarticulate sounds, half moan, half cry.  As
        Alice's hips began to move faster, the sounds increased in
        volume.

        Suddenly, Alice lifted her legs and wrapped them around Davey's
        back.  She gripped him hard, pressing her vulva up closer to his
        mouth.  He could feel her legs trembling and the flesh inside her
        furrow move in little spasms.  She was pushing herself up and
        down against him, practically fucking his mouth with her pussy,
        and muttering a continuous flow of "Ohh, ohh, ohh" over and over
        again.  Without warning, Alice pushed her whole torso off the
        couch and arched her back stiffly.  The rigor soon gave way to
        shudders, and her whole pelvis rocked with shudders and spasms.
        Her pussy clamped down hard on his fingers, almost immobilizing
        them, and she shouted, "YES! Oh, yessss!  Oh, Baby, Babieeeee!"

        Alice's orgasm lasted for at least ninety seconds, the hard
        shudders slowly and gradually diminishing.  Davey rode it out,
        keeping his mouth in her furrow.  When her vaginal channel
        relaxed enough for Davey to extract his fingers, he licked all
        around the dark recess from which they had come and then drove
        his tongue in as far it would go.  He swirled it around and
        ladled out her juices, lapping them up as they flowed down her
        crease.  Reluctant to break the contact of flesh upon flesh,
        Davey laid his cheek on Alice's soft belly and waited for her
        breathing to slow, for her to fully recover from her orgasm.  He
        felt very proud of himself.  Although he was no expert on women's
        orgasms, he couldn't help but sense that Alice's orgasm had been
        a good one.  It had been good, and he had given it to her.  He
        had returned her favors in full measure and given her TLC as good
        as she have given him.

        After a few minutes of stillness, Alice stirred a little and
        said, "Oh, Davey, thank you.  It's been so long since anyone but
        myself has given me pleasure that I had forgotten how good it
        could be."

        Davey raised his head, and looking to her face, whispered, "Was
        it a good orgasm?  Did you come hard?"

        Alice smiled softly and said, "Oh, God, did I ever!  I just came
        and came."  She blushed and got that secret smile of hers on her
        face.

        Davey smiled, a smile full of love, and asked, "Why are you
        blushing, Mom?  It's a little late to be embarrassed."

        "The reason I'm blushing is because I was thinking that that was
        the best orgasm I've had since the early time of Joe's and my
        marriage."  She laughed a soft laugh and said, "It made me feel
        like a young girl all over again."  She reached down and took
        Davey's hand and held it in hers.  "I guess it takes a young man
        to make a woman feel young."

        Using Alice's hand for leverage, Davey started to rise from his
        knees and stand.  As he came up, his rigidly extened cock brushed
        against Alice's still wide-spread pussy, its head tracking a path
        up the full length of her wet channel.  Davey finished standing,
        and stood there, silent, trembling a little, his cock standing
        out straight and hard.

        Davey had such a storm raging inside him that he was almost dizzy
        headed.  His cock had been so close to Alice's pussy and the
        touch of her wet flesh on his cock had been so pleasurable that
        his senses almost reeled.  It had taken the very limits of his
        will power to keep from seizing her hips and pushing his shaft
        into the dark recess it had just touched.  He knew Alice was one
        of few if not the only woman capable of taking his cock inside
        her, and he longed to do just that, to sink his shaft into her
        hot flesh and become a man in every sense of the word.  Even so,
        she was still his mother, and as badly as he wanted her, he held
        back.  Desire and taboo fought a furious battle within him, and
        taboo won.

        Alice didn't speak either, but continued looking into Davey's
        eyes, a look of wonder and realization on her face.  She finally
        broke the silence by whispering, "Oh, poor baby, my poor little
        virgin boy."  She stood then and took Davey's cock into her hand,
        bending it up in front of his belly and fondling it.  "It's
        finally come to me what a fool I've been.  It's been there in
        front of me all along, but I haven't let myself see it." She
        stopped stroking his cock and asked in a soft, child-like voice,
        "Davey, would you like to make love to me?"  She gently squeezed
        his cock and continued, "Would you like for me to help you lose
        your virginity?"

        Davey was so stunned by her question that he could hardly answer.
        Even though he hadn't let himself think of it, he knew he was
        desperate to make love to Alice.  Rubbing his cock on her pussy
        had made him ache with desire to put it inside her, but he had
        driven the thought out of his mind.  Now, she was asking him if
        he wanted to have his heart's desire, if he wanted to make his
        living, waking dream of the last twenty-four hours come true.  He
        reached out and clutched her shoulders and said, "God, Mom, do
        you really mean that?  Do you really mean you'd do that for me?"

        "Yes," Alice said smiling, " I really mean it.  It finally occur-
        red to me that I have what you need, that I can take care you
        right now when you need it so bad."  She blushed a little and
        added, "And you have what I need, too."  She wrapped her arms
        around him and pulled herself up close to his chest.  "I haven't
        let myself think about it, but it was down there, deep inside me,
        bursting to get out.  Since I first saw your cock and saw how big
        it is, I've been aching for it.  I've needed someone like you to
        make love to me, to fill me in the way I've been needing for so
        long."  She pulled away from him and said, "So it's not just for
        you, it's for me, too.  Oh, God, Baby, it's for the both of us.
        Will you give me the special kind of tender loving care I've been
        wanting for so long?"

        "Oh, God, Mom, yes!" Davey said, pulling her back tight against
        him.  "I've been wanting to make love to you so bad I could
        hardly keep my hands off you.  You're my mom, though, and I was
        afraid to try anything, afraid you might hate me for it."

        "Yes, sweetheart, I know mothers and sons aren't supposed to do
        this sort of thing, and we can't ever tell anyone about it. But
        our case is special, isn't it?  We're the only ones who can give
        each other what we need.  It will be a special kind of love
        between us, the deepest kind of love a mother and son can share."

        Davey pulled Alice even closer and ran his hands down her back,
        down over the rounded globes of her ass that he had so much
        admired through her gown.  Wanting to feel even more of her, he
        pulled the gown up so he could touch the bare skin of her ass and
        run his hands all over it and down into the cleft that separated
        those soft handfuls.  As her gown came up, the head of Davey's
        cock pushed against her naked front, right down into the crease
        of her pussy.  The brief contact of his cock on her pussy that he
        had experienced only minutes before had been so good that he
        wanted more of it, wanted to feel more of her heat and wetness.
        Alice murmured into his ear, "Oh, Baby, that feels so good.
        You're so hard, so big.  You fill me up all between my legs."
        Kneading her ass, Davey thrust his cock in deeper between her
        labial lips and moaned from the pleasure of the contact.  Alice
        whispered, "Oh, Baby, I'm ready.  So ready.  I need it right
        now."

        "Oh, God, me too," Davey murmured.

        Putting her arm around Davey's waist, Alice led him into her
        bedroom.  After they entered, she stepped away and turned toward
        him, standing still.  Reaching down, she took hold of the hem of
        her gown and pulled it up and over her head, dropping it to the
        floor.  She stood there, a nude goddess, enjoying showing her
        body to her son.  She had enjoyed putting on little strip tease
        shows and displaying herself nude for her husband.  The shows not
        only excited him, but her also.  Now she had a new opportunity to
        indulge herself, and she enjoyed putting on a show and exhibiting
        her naked body to Davey.  Davey whispered, "God, Mom, you're so
        beautiful.  Every part of you is beautiful."

        Alice smiled prettily at his compliment.  Knowing Davey enjoyed
        seeing her nude made displaying herself even more enjoyable.
        "Your turn now," she said.  "I'm naked, so you get that way, too.
        What we're going to do needs to be done in the nude, bare body
        against bare body."  Not taking his eyes off Alice, Davey
        unbuttoned his pajamas and pushed them down.  As his cock pulled
        back through the fly, the pajamas fell to the floor and he
        stepped out of them.  "Yes," Alice said softly, her eyes riveted
        on his massive cock, "just like that.  Nothing showing but just
        you."

        Keeping her eyes on Davey, Alice backed up until she came to her
        bed and sat down.  Pulling her feet up, she squirmed her way to
        the middle of the bed.  There she laid her head on a pillow and
        then lifted her knees up and spread her legs apart.  Having
        gotten herself comfortable, she lifted her hand and gestured
        to Davey, saying, "Come, get up here with me." She put both hands
        down on her pussy and whispered, "Come get inside of me, right
        here, so you won't have to be a virgin any longer."

        Hearing such lascivious words from his mother and seeing her with
        legs spread and bent in the classic coital position took Davey's
        breath away so that he could hardly breathe.  Her pussy was
        gaping, its pouty lips full and still wet from his mouth, and all
        Davey could think of was being able to put his cock into that
        wetness, being able to bury it completely in hot, sexual flesh.
        He groaned and got on the bed, crawling up so that he was
        kneeling between her legs, his cock poised in front of the hair-
        covered entrance opened before him.  Alice reached down and took
        hold of his cock and moved it into her sexual doorway.  She
        hunched her hips toward him and whispered, "Now, just come inside
        of me.  Push in slow and easy.  It's been a long time since I've
        had anything your size in here, so go slow and let me stretch
        around you as you go in."

        The heat of Alice's pussy around the head of his cock felt so
        good that what Davey wanted to do was shove his shaft all the way
        in in one stroke, to bury his cock to the hilt in that heat.  He
        restrained himself, though, and did what she asked him to,
        pushing slowly and steadily into his mother's vagina.  She
        gripped his shoulders, and with eyes closed and a soft smile on
        her face, murmured, "Ummnnn, yes, slow, slow.  It's stretching
        and taking it in." Davey had all but about three inches pushed
        into Alice's recess when she opened her eyes and looked up at
        him.  "Now, give me all of it.  Shove it in the rest of the way."
        With a hard thrust of his hips, Davey did just that, burying his
        cock all the way into her so that the base of his cock pressed
        against her labia.

        "Oh, God!" they muttered in unison, their voices an echo of each
        other.  Davey held himself still, lost in that special, wonder-
        ful pleasure a man feels the first time he gets his cock inside a
        woman's pussy, inside the heat, the wetness, the pressure, the
        sheer ecstasy of having his sexual flesh fully united with a
        woman's.  Alice looked up at him and smiled, a smile not only of
        pleasure, but of triumph.  "I've got all of you inside me, every
        inch.  I was still stretched enough to take it.  Oh, Baby, you're
        so big and fill me up all the way.  I had given up on ever
        feeling this again." She pushed herself up to him, pressing her
        clitoris against his pubic bone, and rotated her hips.  "Oh,
        Baby, this is so good...so good," she whispered.

        Davey had already been thrilled and thoroughly aroused from
        handling Alice's pussy for the first time and from loving it with
        his mouth.  Now he actually had his cock inside her, buried to
        the base, and this drove his arousal even higher, right up to the
        mind-shattering edge of orgasm.  He wanted to delay it, to try to
        give Alice pleasure as well as himself, but the motion of her
        pussy on his cock, the motion of her hips moving under him proved
        too much.  Suddenly, his buttocks drew up into knots and his cock
        started jerking.  As if someone had turned on a high pressure
        spigot inside him, he started shooting spurt after spurt of hot
        sperm inside Alice's pussy.  "Oh, God, Mom!" he moaned and pushed
        himself against her even harder.  Pleasure flowed over him in
        wave after wave.  He collapsed on top of Alice, his whole groin
        spasming, and moaned softly, "Ooooh, Mommm, ooohhhh."

        Alice put her hands down on Davey's buttocks and stroked him,
        whispering, "Yes, Baby, yes.  Let it come.  Let it come out.
        Fill me up with it."

        Davey's orgasm subsided slowly, his cock at last motionless
        within the depths of Alice's belly.  He lifted his weight off her
        and rolled onto his back, his still semi-erect cock coming out
        with a soft, liquid sound.  Alice laid her head on his shoulder
        and stroked his chest and stomach with soft, gentle caresses.
        "How does it feel not be a virgin anymore?" she whispered.

        "Like heaven, Disney World, and Christmas all wrapped up in one."
        He rolled onto his side, facing her, and said, "Oh, God, Mom.
        Saying `thank you' isn't enough.  There's no way a person can
        thank another for something that special."  He got a slight frown
        on his face and continued, "I'm just sorry I was so quick.  I was
        just like a rabbit, wasn't I?"

        Alice laughed and said, "Sweetheart, that was your first time.
        I'm surprised you lasted as long as you did."

        "But I wanted to give you pleasure, too.  I wanted you to have
        some enjoyment."

        Alice continued to stroke his stomach, her hand moving down lower
        with each stroke so that it brushed against the base of his cock.
        "Don't worry, Davey.  I'll have plenty of chances to enjoy.  Now
        that I've gotten beyond worrying about our mother-son problem, I
        intend to have lots of chances."  She dropped her hand lower and
        wrapped her fingers around his cock and started fondling it.
        She squeezed his cock and said, "I've been needing something like
        this. and you've been needing what I have, and if you would like
        to, we can continue to take care of each other."

        "Do I want to?  God, Mom, I want that more than anything in the
        world."

        "Then you can have it whenever you want.  I have to warn you,
        though, I'm pretty highly sexed.  Besides that, I'm over two
        years behind and have a lot of catching up to do."  She smiled
        and said, "You willing to take that on?"

        Davey laughed and said, "I'm twenty years behind.  I've got even
        more catching up to do than you." Between Alice's telling him she
        wanted him to continue to make love to her and her caressing his
        cock, he was once again rigid, his shaft standing out its full
        twelve inches.  He reached a hand down and put it into the crease
        of her pussy and said, "As for taking that on, I can hardly wait
        to continue.  In fact, how about my starting right?"

        Alice smiled and shook her head from side to side.  "But you just
        said...." Davey protested.

        Alice laughed and said, "Shhh, Baby, I know what I said--and I
        meant every word.  The reason you can't fuck ME right now is that
        I'm going to fuck YOU."  Suiting action to words, she sat up and,
        crawling on her knees, straddled Davey's hips with hers.  Even
        holding herself up as high as she could go, she was barely able
        to get her pussy above his stiffly standing shaft.  Reaching
        under her, she held his cock in her hand and slowly lowered
        herself to where the big round knob of its head lodged between
        the open lips of her pussy.  She moved his cock up and down in
        her furrow, running its head from across her clitoris down to the
        opening of her wet cavern.  She watched his face as she teased
        him, watching the pleasure that showed there.  She smiled when he
        started pushing his hips up toward her, thrusting them up in
        little short movements.  "You like that, Baby?" she whispered.

        Davey nodded his head and thrust up harder.  "Yes!  Oh, God, yes!
        That's good, so good."

        "Yes, I like it too.  I haven't had the real thing down here in a
        long time, and it feels good to me, too."  She squirmed herself
        around on Davey's cock, positioning its bulbous head right at the
        opening of her tunnel.  Then, with a smile of pleasure on her
        face, she lowered herself until she had taken about two inches of
        Davey's cock inside her.  Satisfied that Davey was well lodged
        inside her, she took her hand away from his shaft and put it on
        his stomach, stroking him lightly.  Alice spread her thighs
        further apart and moved herself down even more, slowly impaling
        herself on Davey's huge, white shaft.  She smiled, her eyes
        looking into his, and softly said, "This feels even better."

        Mesmerized, unable even to breathe, Davey watched his cock slowly
        disappear between Alice's legs.  She continued her downward
        movement until six inches, half of his cock, was up inside her.
        "Ooohh, Baby," she whispered, "so big...so good.  Ooohh, so much
        inside me."  She put both her hands on his hips and pushed down
        harder, forcing more of Davey's shaft into her tunnel.  With one
        final hard push, she bottomed out, the lips of her pussy resting
        against the base of Davey's cock.  "Oh, God, Baby!" she muttered,
        squirmed her hips around on top of his.  "I've been needing this
        for so long, needing a big cock inside me.  You've filled me up.
        You're touching all the inside of my pussy, touching where I've
        needed touching."  She rotated her pussy around his cock, rubbing
        its silken walls around Davey's throbbing rigidity.  "So good.
        Oh, God, so good," she whispered.

        Davey breathed at last, his breath coming out in a gasp.
        Actually seeing his cock being taken up into his mother's flesh
        amazed him.  She wasn't a large woman, only about 5' 2" and 120
        pounds, but somehow she had managed to get all of him inside her.
        He could imagine how his cock must be completely upside her
        belly, up almost to her waist.  Even as large and deep inside her
        as his cock was, she seemed to feel no discomfort.  Indeed, it
        was just the opposite--she was getting as much if not more
        pleasure from having him inside her as he was from being there.

        As for Davey, it was pleasure beyond any he had ever known.
        Although he had enjoyed it immensely, the first time Davey had
        his cock inside her he had been so aroused and excited about
        actually making love, about finally losing his hated virginity
        and becoming a man, he hardly had time to completely savor the
        pure, unadulterated joy of that experience.  He had come almost
        immediately, and the experience was over almost before it had
        begun.  Now it was different.  Now the edge was off his arousal
        and he was fully sensing and enjoying every nuance of pleasure
        that coupling their flesh was bringing.  The liquid warmth, the
        pressure of it around his shaft, and the absolute voluptuousness
        of her of her pussy surrounding his cock caused him to want to
        shout with joy.  Like Alice, Davey loved what they were doing.
        He pushed his groin up against the pressure of hers and murmured,
        "Oh, yessss, it IS good."  He thrust upward and said, "Oh, God,
        yes!  Good!  GOOD!"

        Alice leaned over and put her hands on Davey's shoulders,
        gripping them tightly in her fingers.  Using him for leverage,
        she lifted herself up, slowly pulling her pussy up off his cock.
        She came up until only the head was still inside her and then
        reversed her motion, moving back downward, forcing her pussy back
        over his shaft.  "Oh, I love your cock," she whispered, "I love
        your big cock."

        The way Alice leaned over him put her breasts right above him,
        right in front of his eyes.  They swayed with each movement, the
        soft, white globes jiggling with each of her motions.  Davey had
        seen them move under her gown and had been attracted by them, and
        now he was being presented with a close-up view of those breasts
        without anything covering them.  Lifting his hands, he put them
        on those soft, white mounds and stroked and kneaded them gently.
        Alice arched her head back, thrusting her breasts even closer to
        him.  "Ummnn, yes, Sweetheart.  I love to be touched there.  My
        nipples are so sensitive, and I just love having them touched."

        Davey loved the way her breasts felt in his hand, and he longed
        to taste them, to run his tongue all over their surfaces.
        Lifting his head up, he extended his tongue and managed to lick
        across one of the nipples.  Alice pushed her breasts even closer
        to him, murmuring, "Yes, lick them, Baby.  Use your mouth on
        them."  She lifted her hands from Davey's shoulders and put them
        on the back of the bed.  That allowed her to move her breasts
        right over his mouth, placing them so that he could repeat an act
        of childhood and once again suckle on his mother's breasts.
        Davey did just that, opening his mouth and trying to get as much
        of her nipple and areola as possible into his hungering mouth.
        "Oh, yes, Baby, suck on them, suck hard," she murmured.

        The combination of Davey's cock moving inside her and his mouth
        on her breasts caused Alice to breath harder and move faster. The
        slow, leisurely, up-and-down movements she was making became
        faster and soon she was moving her pussy faster and faster,
        taking Davey in and out with rapid strokes.  She closed her eyes
        and softly murmured, "Ooooh, big cock...so big...so good...oohh,
        I love this big cock...oh, I love my baby's big cock."

        Suddenly, Alice sat straight up, and opening her eyes wide, said,
        "Oh, God!"  From the way she was stiffening her body and
        squirming her ass around on his hips, Davey knew she was about to
        come, and come hard.  He reached down and put his hands on the
        cheeks of her ass and lightly stroking them whispered, "Yes, do
        it. Come. Come hard. Come hard on my big cock."

        Alice stretched out flat on top of Davey, her legs between his,
        her breasts against his chest, and her pussy pressing hard
        against the base of his cock.  She rotated her ass in little
        circles, pressing her clitoris hard against him.  He felt the
        muscles in her ass harden and draw up into little knots and felt
        her squirm her breasts against his chest, moving her nipples
        against the soft hair growing there. Her mouth was against his
        cheek, and she stuck out her tongue and licked across its
        surface.  Not satisfied with that, she moved her lips up until
        they reached and covered his.  Her tongue moved between their
        lips and into his mouth, swirling, probing, seeking.  He met her
        tongue with his, and their tongues made love the same way their
        lower bodies were.

        Davey lifted his legs and wrapped them around Alice's ass,
        drawing her pussy even tighter against his cock.  She breathed
        hard into his mouth and turned her ass back and forth and up and
        down.  He felt her stiffen even more than she had been, and her
        ass tighten even harder than before.  She muttered, "Yes! Oh,
        yes!" softly into his mouth and started shuddering and jerking.
        He felt her stomach muscles draw up against his and spasms move
        through them into his stomach.  She was coming, coming harder and
        longer than she had from his oral love.  With an intuition that
        went beyond his years, Davey knew that they were experiencing the
        most intimate moment a man and woman could have, the most loving
        embrace that could be exchanged.

        Alice's orgasm lasted a long time, her shudders and spasms fading
        only slowly and gradually.  Finally, they ceased, and she took
        her mouth away from his.  Keeping his cock inside her, she sat up
        again, once more with the cheeks of her ass on his hips, her
        breasts exposed to him.  They were still heaving a little, her
        breathing still a little labored from her passion.  "Oh, Davey,"
        she whispered, "that was so good.  Oh, God, was it good.  I
        haven't come like that in years.  Thank you, Baby, I needed that
        so bad."  She smiled and added, "Thank you for having a big cock
        that can take care of me like I need." She squirmed her ass on
        Davey, and asked, "It's STILL big and hard, isn't it?  You
        haven't come yet, have you?"

        Davey reached his hands up and caressed Alice's breasts, taking
        her nipples between his fingers and thumbs and gently tweaking
        the hard little nubbins.  He looked her in the eyes and said,
        "No, but I'm going to real soon."  He dropped his hands to her
        hips and gently rolled them over so that she was under him and he
        between her legs with his cock still in place.  "Now, I'M going
        to fuck YOU." he whispered.

        Alice pushed her pussy hard against Davey's cock and answered,
        "Yes, do it.  YOU fuck ME.  Fuck me hard and come like you've
        never come before.  Fill me up with your hot come."

        Davey pulled his cock out and then drove it back in, pushing hard
        so that it penetrated between her legs with one long movement. He
        then pulled it back out slowly, moving his hips from side to side
        as he did so and see-sawing the opening to her tunnel with his
        hard shaft.  Then he reversed the motion, reentering her with a
        slow, strong thrust.  He kept his eyes on where his cock was
        going in and out of her, seeing the circle of stretched pussy
        flesh at the entrance to her feminine cave.  The sight thrilled
        him and excited him to even higher levels. "My cock," he thought,
        "my cock going in and out of a pussy.  I'm finally getting to
        make love to a woman.  And it's Mom I'm loving--my beautiful,
        wonderful mother."

        Davey stretched out, putting his legs between hers and spreading
        her hips even further.  He began to piston his cock in and out of
        her.  The sensation of heat and slipperiness, naked flesh against
        naked flesh, and the liquid friction of his cock moving in and
        out of Alice's hot hole pushed his passion higher and higher.
        Alice began to meet each of his thrusts with one of her own,
        softly murmuring sounds of pleasure with each stroke.  "Yes,
        Baby, give me that big cock.  Push it in deep.  Oh, yes, deep,
        just like that."  She lifted her legs and wrapped them around his
        waist and matched each of his long strokes with a long, hard
        thrust of her own.  His cock made wet, liquid sounds as it
        plunged in and out of her swampy hole.  "Oh, Baby," she
        murmured.  "Yes, love me.  Give it to me."  She squeezed his
        waist with her legs and whispered, "Oh, God, Davey, fuck me.
        Fuck me hard, I'm about to come again." Putting a hand behind his
        neck, she pulled his mouth to hers.  Her tongue was already
        extended, waiting between her lips, waiting to explore his mouth.
        Spreading their lips wide apart, she pushed her tongue into his
        mouth and probed all his oral cavity, exploring all its crevices
        and hidden niches.

        The muscles in Alice's stomach tensed and the walls of her pussy
        clamped down on Davey's cock, increasing the friction of his
        strokes even more.  She arched her back, stiffening her body, and
        moaned softly into his mouth.  Her legs around his waist pulled
        hard, pressing him between them, and shudders ran through her
        body.  Another orgasm, as intense as the one she had had only
        minutes before, washed over her and sent waves of pleasure
        throughout her whole body.

        Alice's orgasm--so deep and strong--moved Davey both emotionally
        and physically.  Emotionally, he was ecstatic that she was coming
        again, coming from his making love to her.  He knew from that
        that he was good lover and could take care of all her needs.
        Physically, her orgasm defeated his desire to make their loving
        last as long as possible, to delay his orgasm until the point of
        absolutely no return.  Feeling her flesh move against his,
        feeling the increased friction of her pussy, brought him to that
        point of ecstasy before he thought it would happen.  As she
        stiffened and thrust up hard against him, grinding her sex
        against his, he gave in to the sensations and soared out over the
        precipice, over the point of no return.

        Davey thrust down hard, pushing Alice's hips to the mattress.  He
        pulled out one more time and then drove in as far as he could,
        pushing his pubic bone hard against hers.  He ground his hips
        against hers, moving them around and around, circling his cock
        within the hot, wet confines of Alice's pussy.  Alice returned
        his motions, pushing her pussy up hard against him and grinding
        her clitoris against his hard cock.  She wrapped her arms around
        him, and she held him tightly, locking him in the embrace of both
        her arms and legs.  She pulled her mouth from his and moaned,
        "Oh, Davey!  Oh, God!  Oh, God, Daviee, Davieeeee."

        The cheeks of Davey's ass pulled in tight, their muscles
        clenching up into hard knots.  His cock flexed and jerked within
        Alice's hot tunnel and started spewing jet after jet of sperm
        into Alice's body.  Shudders ran through him and he moaned, "Oh,
        Mom!  Oh, God, here it comes! Oh, God, I'm coming!  Coming...
        coming...coming."

        For long moments, Alice and Davey lay like that, grinding their
        pubic areas together, breathing hard, and shuddering with little
        quivers and tremors.  As the shudders faded, Davey rolled them
        over on their sides, taking care to keep his still semi-hard cock
        inside Alice's body.  She draped one leg over his hip and pulled
        up tight against him, ensuring that his cock remained inside as
        long as possible.  She reached out and stroked his cheek.  "Oh,
        Davey, that was just like it was when I was young.  I heard the
        same kind of thunder and lightning I heard fifteen years ago."
        She smiled and moved her lips to his for a kiss.  As their lips
        met, she said, "Baby, you can really take care of me.  Oh, God,
        can you ever."

        Alice and Davey held the kiss for a long time.  With their
        passions satisfied, it was a slow, gentle kiss, full of love and
        tenderness.  When Davey's cock at last shrunk and pulled out of
        Alice's vagina, they broke the kiss and sighed.  Alice looked at
        him, a soft smile on her face, and asked, "That get you caught
        up?"

        Davey smiled back and answered, "Well, maybe for the next five
        minutes, at least.  After that...well, after that I'm going to
        need lots of Mom's special tender, loving care.  Lots and lots,
        over and over again."

        Alice put her hand across his shoulder and whispered, "And I'm
        going to need lots of Davey's tender, loving care.  Lots and
        lots, over and over again.  Somehow I have the feeling that I'm
        never going to get caught up."

        Davey smiled, pulling her up closer to him, snuggling their
        bodies together.  "Me neither," he whispered into her ear.

        Alice reached out and turned off the lamp and then returned to
        the comfort of Davey's arms, cuddling herself against him again.
        Their needs met, completely relaxed after such a long time of
        needing, yearning, aching, and hungering, they were asleep in
        five minutes.



                                   ****


-- CJ
I don't write any stories. I'm just a reader, and sometimes a reposter.

-- 
+--------------' Story submission `-+-' Moderator contact `------------+
| story-submit@qz.little-neck.ny.us | story-admin@qz.little-neck.ny.us |
| Archive site +--------------------+------------------+ Newsgroup FAQ |
\ &lt;URL:http://www.netusa.net/~eli/erotica/assm/&gt;    .../assm/faq.html&gt; /
