<!--ADULTSONLY-->
<meta http-equiv="pics-label" content='(pics-1.1 "http://www.icra.org/ratingsv02.html" l gen true for "http://asstr.org" r (cz 1 la 1 lb 1 lc 1 na 1 nb 1 nc 1 nd 1 ne 1 nf 1 ng 1 nh 1 ni 1 oa 1 ob 1 oc 1 of 1 og 1 oh 1 va 1 vb 1 vc 1 vd 1 ve 1 vf 1 vg 1 vh 1 vi 1 vj 1 vk 1) "http://www.rsac.org/ratingsv01.html" l gen true for "http://asstr.org" r (n 4 s 4 v 4 l 4))' />
<pre>
Message-ID: &lt;6002eli$9712011857@qz.little-neck.ny.us&gt;
X-Archived-At: &lt;URL:http://www.netusa.net/~eli/erotica/assm/Year97/6002.txt&gt;
From: lt7068@aol.com (LT7068)
Subject: The Backyard (M/M/M/F)
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories.moderated,alt.sex.stories
Followup-To: alt.sex.stories.d
Path: qz!not-for-mail
Organization: The Committee To Thwart Spam
Approved: &lt;usenet-approval@qz.little-neck.ny.us&gt;
X-Moderator-Contact: Eli the Bearded &lt;story-admin@qz.little-neck.ny.us&gt;
X-Story-Submission: &lt;story-submit@qz.little-neck.ny.us&gt;
X-Original-Message-Id: &lt;19971201042200.XAA20766@ladder02.news.aol.com&gt;


This story was taken from www.serve.com/freexxx/
--------------------------------------------
STORY:      Backyard
AUTHOR:   None given
TYPE:        M/M/M/F
--------------------------------------------
DISCLAIMER:
Don't read this if you're under 18
--------------------------------------------
 
                          BACKYARD
 

     At about 11:30 a.m. Terry and I went out in the backyard to
sunbathe.  Our patio is fairly secluded.  As we lay there I reached
over and began rubbing suntan oil on her back.  I slipped the
straps of her bathing suit off and worked my way down her back.  I
then moved to her legs and then up to her ass.  I pealed down the
bottom of her suit, exposing the globes of her rear.  I continued
the massage the oil into her body, letting a few drops go down the
cleft of her ass.  I rubbed it into her and moved my hand between
her legs, rubbing the lips of her pussy.  She then began to moan. 
I continued to massage her entire backside, lingering on her ass
and cunt at times.

     After about 20 minutes I had her roll over onto her back.  She
quickly pulled her suit up over her breasts and pussy.  She looked
around to see if any neighbors were watching.  None were.  I then
began massaging the fronts of her legs.  I moved slowly higher and
higher until I came to the juncture of her legs.  I then moved to
her arms.  I slowly moved down her chest and slowly creeping back
her suit I exposed her breasts to the open air.  She quickly
glanced around again for some neighborly voyeur but none was
to be seen.  I rub a fair quantity of oil into her ample breasts
while she enjoyed the warmth of the sun.  I pulled her suit down
further displaying her neatly trimmed mound. 
I slipped her one-piece suit completely off, baring her fully nude
to the sun.  I continued working the oil into her skin.

     I then reached for a bottle of sexual lubricant and dripped a
stream down over the lips of her vagina.  She turned her head to
the side and relaxed with a moan.  While working one hand over her
stomach and tits, I began to lightly work the lubricant into
her pussy lips.  To this, she responded with more whimpers.  I was
getting very hard by this point.  So I reached down and removed my
bathing suit, letting my hardening cock bounce free against her
side.  I moved between her legs and lowered my body against
hers.  I rubbed my entire body up and down hers, using my hard dick
as a third hand.  I let it especially linger against her clitoris. 
Slowly, I slid the head of my cock into the folds of her cunt.  She
responded by moaning and spreading her legs further.  She was so
wet from excitement and the lubricant that my dick slid all the way
in up to the hilt.  I rocked back and forth, feeling the sensation
around the shaft.

     I had another plan in mind so I slipped out of her and just
lay there in the sun next to her.  Soon, I checked my watch and
told her I had to run to work but that she could stay out here and
sunbathe.  I knew she was incredibly turned on, but that was part
of my plan.  I went inside and dressed for work.  I came out and
told her good-bye.  I then drove up the street to where a neighbor
was having a patio put in.  The five workers were just finishing
and packing up their tools when I approached.  I told them that
there was a woman who lays out naked in her backyard down the
street and often services men when her husband wasn't home.  I told
them the address of my house and drove away.  I watched in the
rearview mirror as I saw them huddle and look down the street. 
They suddenly quickened their pace and threw their shovels and
wheelbarrows hastily into their truck.

     I quickly drove around the block and watched them approach and
park in front of my house.  They quietly got out and started to
walk around to my gate.  I left my car and snuck around the other
way and into the house.  Through our sliding glass door I could
see my wife laying on the patio on her stomach.  Through a side
window I could see the men sneaking around the other way.  Looking
back to my wife I saw her stir and roll onto her back.  She looked
around and slowly reached down and started to finger her
unsatisfied pussy.  She reached over and put some more lubricant on
her hand and worked it into her lips.

     I quickly ran upstairs and loaded up our video camera.  I went
and checked out a few of the upstairs windows for the best vantage
point.  The men had quietly worked their way around the house and
were silently taking turns peeking around the corner at my
masturbating wife.  I went back downstairs and peeked out the
window, taking shots of her and her attentive audience.  She was
lost totally in her activity and didn't notice the men.  Some had
removed their shirts. 

     At this point let me describe each of the men.  Three were
white.  One, the supervisor, about 40 years old.  The other two
were about 30 and 21.  One of the other guys was a latino with the
stereotypical macho look-very muscular and tanned.  The last
man was black and about 6'-4". 
     Slowly each of the men moved out from their seclusion and
formed a circle around my wife.  They watched intently as she
neared her peak.  Soon she gave a low moan, tensed, flushed red and
shook uncontrollably.  She then laid back and relaxed.  In a
moment she slowly opened her eyes.  Shocked, she saw her audience
gathered around.  She let out a small scream and reached for her
bathing suit.  The men approached and surrounded her as she fumbled
with the suit, trying to find the openings.  They knelt next to her
enclosing her in their circle.  All the while they were
complimenting her on her performance.  It was obvious she was
panicking, because she took a long time to even begin to get her
suit on.  In the meantime she kept pleading for them to leave, not
paying much attention to their comments.  Soon one of the men
reached out and stroked her arm.  By this time her suit was almost
back on and she started to stand up.  The men stood around her not
letting her leave the patio despite her appeals.  By this time they
each were rubbing some part of her body, her arms, legs, neck, or
back.  They stayed away from the more private areas.

     Terry tried to force her way out of the ring but doing so only
brought her in contact with one or another of the men.  They kept
begging her to stay saying that they wouldn't hurt her.  That they
only wanted to talk.  She looked around but could see no escape. 
Again she push against one of the men but he only embraced her,
rubbing his bare chest against her.  After a few awkward moments
one of the men embraced her from behind.  Two others on each side
of her each grabbed a leg.  Together the three men laid her back on
the patio.

     She struggled trying to break free but this only caused the
other two to each grasp an arm.  They held her down as she
struggled.  After a few moments she tired a little and each man
held a limb in one hand while stroking her legs, arms, or neck with
the other. 
The man at her head cradled her against his crotch as he sat
cross-legged.  She continued her verbal pleas but slowed her
physical resistance.  The men continued massaging her  gently. 
Despite her objections she began to relax and obviously enjoy the
ministrations the five hands were giving her.

     When she was fully relaxed they loosened their grips with
their other hands and soon ten hands were caressing her.  They
passed around the bottle of oil and began to smooth it over areas
of her exposed flesh.  The man at her head began moving his strokes
from her face and neck ever so slowly, millimeter by millimeter
onto her upper chest.  At the same time the men working on her legs
moved higher and higher up her thighs.  The men on her arms soon
stroked their entire length pausing at the straps on her shoulders.

The large black man had her right arm, the latino her right leg,
the supervisor her left leg and the two others her left arm and
head.  They kept their touching away from her private areas which
helped her to relax further.

     Soon they prodded her to roll over onto her stomach.  She did
this with a look of concern and curiosity.  They continued to
massage her legs, arms, and back.  They worked the oil into her
gently.  She closed her eyes and moaned softly.  The men
working her legs moved higher and higher and soon began stroking
the exposed areas of the cheeks of her ass.  Slowly they moved her
suit aside little by little until more and more of her ass was
exposed.  She looked back over her shoulder and tried to reach back
to pull her suit out of her crack but her arms were gently
restrained by the men working her upper body.  They were soon
massaging her cheeks gently and sensuously.  She again relaxed and
closed her eyes.  The men working her upper body slowly pulled
aside the straps of her suit so they could have unimpeded access to
her shoulders.  Again she tried to oppose the action but was gently
stopped.  They pull her straps further and further down her arms
until the top front of her bathing suit pressed against the ground
stopped its progress.  At this point they tugged a little harder
until it began to slide down over her breasts which were against
the pavement.  This cause her to move her arms up in an attempt to
push herself up.  This only caused her to loosen the pressure
against her body and the bathing suit and allowed the men to pull
it down clear to her waist, exposing her breasts against the patio. 
She immediately dropped back to the ground, attempting to cover
herself.  She moaned a scared, almost crying response.  The men
further reveal her back to the sun and had greater access to her
entire back.  Her suit now just barely covered her waist and down
her crack.  The men continued their massage now almost having full
access to her entire backside.  She soon again relaxed and slowly
closed her eyes.

     This continued for about another 15 minutes.  They then
prodded her to turn over onto her back.  She reached down and
brought her suit up over her breasts and began to turn over.  Once
in a seated position she began to reinsert her arms into the straps
of the suit but the men gently forced her back and pulled her arms
away from the straps.  She again moaned her disapproval.  She
started to say something but realized it would be of no avail and
lay back against the pavement.  She had, however, recovered her
breasts.  The men again began their sensuous massage.  This time
the men on her legs became a little more bold in their movements
along her legs and up her thighs.  Occasionally they would bump up
against her crotch and indirectly rub her cunt with the side of
their hands as  they rubbed her upper thighs.  The men working her
arms and upper chest became also more daring and reached more and
more under her bathing suit top toward her breasts. 
In doing so they pushed further and further aside the material of
her bathing suit.  Soon she relaxed and again slowly closed her
eyes.

     The man at her head lowered it to the ground, got up and
disappeared around the side of the house.  About one minute later
he reappeared-naked.  His cock slowly rising in a semi-erect state. 
He approached quietly and tapped the black man on the shoulder. 
The naked man reached down and took the place of the black man who
got up and also went around the corner of the house.  The naked man
positioned himself so Terry's arm and hand were between his
kneeling legs-her hand inches below his dangling balls.  The
black man reappeared sporting a huge member, also semi-erect.  He
approached and tapped off the man on her other arm.  The black man
then place himself in a position similar to the man over her right
arm.  Each man took his turn disrobing around the corner.  Terry
was totally oblivious to this activity.  All the while the men
continued their boldness in exposing her breast and rubbing her
crotch through her suit.  It was obvious that despite her
objections she was enjoying the attention.  By the time the men
were all naked her suit had been pulled down almost to her waist
and the men working her upper body had full access to her stomach
and breasts.  She was breathing deeply and her chest heaved
slightly with each breath-a noticeable sign of excitement.

     The supervisor, who was working her legs,  reached up and
moved aside the crotch over her suit.  This caused my wife to open
her eyes and try to reach toward her exposed cunt.  This action
only brought her in contact with two excited cocks.  She looked
left and right and all around and surveyed the situation.  Seeing
all these men naked and in various states of excitement caused her
to struggle more violently to escape.  The men held her tighter. 
The supervisor grabbed the sides of her bathing suit and said,
"O.K. 
Enough of the appetizers.  Let's get to the main course."  With
that he quickly jerked down the suit totally exposing her fully
naked body.  She tried to kick and squirm but to no avail.  She
moaned half crying.  The supervisor then reached over to the sexual
lubricant I had left behind and drooled a large amount down on her
pubic hair and over onto her cunt lips.  He gently reached forward
and rub in into her lips while two of the men held her legs apart. 
He rubbed her clitoris for a minute or two and then slowly
worked his middle finger into her vagina.  "Boys, she doesn't need
any lubricant.  She's wetter than any I've ever felt."  He reached
down and stroked his own cock with lubricant back and forth until
it stood totally erect.

     He then told the other men to lift her up.  Each man cradled
a part of her body, controlling her squirming.  They brought her up
to waist height.  The supervisor then stepped forward between her
legs and rubbed his cock up and down her moist slit.  She
begged him not to fuck her but her pleas were not even heard.  The
men at her upper body lifted her head so she could see the cock
parting her lips.  Slowly he began to insert just the tip a little
bit at a time into her vagina.  Moving back and forth he
lingeringly entered her.  After a few minutes of this teasing he
was fully inserted.  This was her first real cock other than mine
she had ever experienced.  The other men began to rock her
back and forth on his turgid cock.  He commented on how great it
felt.  Terry looked down between her legs watching intently.  She
appeared as if she didn't know whether to enjoy it or to fight
back.  She slowly began to respond.  The supervisor moved her legs
up over his shoulders until her knees were locked up over them.  He
signaled the others to lowered her to the ground.

     Once back on the ground he began his own rhythm-back and
forth-slowly and deliberately.  She braced herself against the
ground still fighting slightly.  Two men at her side, the black man
and another placed their cocks into her outstretched hands.  At
first she tried to pull away but then they kept forcing her to make
contact.  Deftly they worked their cocks into her palms.  At first
she didn't respond but soon she tightened her gripped slightly. 
She turned her head to the side relaxed and closed her eyes.  The
supervisor still worked away between her legs.

     Shortly one of the men suggested that she be fully pleasured
first.  He recommended he make her cum first.  The supervisor
withdrew and the man who made the suggestion dropped between her
limp thighs.  He began to vigorously lick her cunt, especially her
clitoris.  After about a minute she began to respond.  First she
moaned and then gripped the two cocks tighter and began to stroke
them almost subconsciously.  The man between her legs carried on
his motions.  Terry soon began bucking and stroking the cocks
faster and harder.  The man licking her inserted two fingers inside
and continued his tongue thrashes harder and faster.  After about
five or six minutes she tensed and moaned a deep guttural sound as
her cunt began to pulsate rhythmically.  She relaxed and turned her
head to the side-stopping all movement.

     The action stopped for a few minutes as she rested and then
the supervisor resumed his position between her legs and slowly
reinserted his tool.  This time Terry laid back and relaxed.  Soon
she even began to respond to his movements.  She resumed her
tight grip on the two cocks in her hand and slowly began to pump
them again.  This again triggered the hardening process.  The
supervisor pump harder and faster and soon was obviously well on
his way.  He reached down and locked Terry's knees in his arms
and pulled her legs up over her shoulders-allowing total deep
penetration.  She moaned and bucked in response.  Soon he rose up
on his arms groaned and tensed the muscles of his legs and ass and
poured his sperm into her waiting pussy.  She moaned and froze in
an effort to feel each squirt of his cock.  After about thirty
seconds he dropped onto her chest and lay there until his softening
cock fell from her lips.

     The men in her hands had pulled free and the black man had
moved to the lawn, laying on his back.  He called to her stroking
his cock and invited her to come over and ride it.  At first she
hesitated.  I don't know whether it was because she was beginning
to feel guilty and did not want to continue or because she was
fearful of the size of his monstrous cock.  It stood up against his
stomach, extending about eight inches from its base.  She looked at
it for a minute as the other men prodded her to try it.  She then
crawled over toward the awaiting erection.  I could see come oozing
from her cunt.  The entire inside of her thighs were coated and it
dripped down toward her knees as she crawled along.  I zoomed in
the camera to get a close-up.  As she approached the sable
colored penis she reached forward and touched in gently.  She
examined it thoroughly.  I think she was testing to see if it would
bend.  Many times if I used a dildo on her that size she later
complained that it hurt because it didn't bend like a real one. 
Then curiously she bent over and began to taste the huge cock.  She
worked it all over.  In the meantime, the others approached and
began rubbing her back and ass.  Two men again began rubbing her
dangling tits.  The latino man moved in behind her and slowly
insert his hardened cock into her cunt.  To this she responded by
glancing back to see who her visitor was and then went back to work
on her ebony rod.  As the man pumped her from behind she moaned. 
She was experiencing for the first time having two real cocks enter
her body at the same time.  She continued to suck and lick the cock
in her mouth, pausing occasionally to feel more completely the
penis in her vagina.  After about five minutes the man in her cunt
exploded and pulled her tight against his loins.  She stopped
sucking and closed her eyes, again trying to feel each streaming
jet of sperm entering her. 
He came for almost a full minute and then withdrew.

     Terry then move quickly astride the black man and positioned
her cunt above his dick.  She rubbed the lips of her cunt against
his cock, spreading a mixture of her juices and the semen from the
two other men over him.  She then whispered, "Put it in but
please go slow."  He reached down and she raised herself up
slightly.  She looked down between her hanging breasts and watched
as he place the head against her entrance.  She began to lower
herself, savoring each millimeter of the large cock invading her. 
She moved up and down slightly, each time taking more and more of
the immense unit.  After about two or three minutes she finally hit
rock bottom.  Their pubic bones hit.  Terry threw back her head and
closed her eyes, sitting still, feeling the experience of this
mammoth tool.  Slowly she began to move.  Soon she was really
getting into it.  The other men again surrounded her and began to
stroke her body.  She continued to pump the large cock hard and
fast.  After about five minutes she suddenly got off and urged the
black man to do her doggy style-her favorite position.  He pumped
her solidly as she let out little squeals and moans with each
thrust of his hips.  The other guys watched the two unserviced men
stroking their ever hardening cocks.  After about another 3-4
minutes the black man tensed and poured his liquid her plumbing. 
They both paused and slowly relaxed.  He gently pushed her forward
and they both fell to the ground as he lay atop her.  The contrast
of her milky white skin against his dark skin was beautiful.  Soon
his cock softened and fell from its cavity.

     One of the neglected men then laid down next to her and pulled
her atop him.  She lay there breathing heavily, exhausted from her
last encounter.  He slid her up so their bodies were face to face. 
He tugged at her knees and she brought them forward into a kneeling
position.  She sluggishly began to rub her vulva against his turgid
cock.  She sat up and reached between her legs.  This time she
guided his manhood into her without any prompting.  He reached up
and massaged her breasts, tweaking her nipples to full erection. 
The last man moved behind her and knelt down.  He then reached
around and began to stroke her breasts also.  He commenced kissing
and nibbling her neck from behind.

     Althought entered my mind that maybe he was going to try to
penetrate her from behind at the same time.  My angle was poor for
a decent close-up shot so I quickly took my smaller video camera
and ran out the back door and snuck around the house to where
I had a clear shot of her being infiltrated.  One of the other men
saw me and I quickly motion to keep quiet.  I then signaled to him
to use the camera to move in close.  He came over and I took him
around the corner of the house and gave him a quick lesson on
the camera.  He then returned to the scene.  I went back inside and
manned the other camera.  The man with the camera moved in real
close behind and took extreme close-ups of the action.

     Soon the man rubbing her from behind reached over and took the
sex lube and dripped some along the length of his rigid penis.  He
stroked it back and forth, working in the lubricant.  He then
gently nudged her forward until she was lying flat against the
man under her.  He reached down and slowly rubbed his cock against
the upper portion of her cunt opening which was already filled with
another firm unit.  He gently pushed against her vagina and used
his index finger to create a small gap between her vaginal wall
and the other man's cock.  Slowly he prodded forward, stretching
open her pussy, making room for his unsatisfied penis.  This was
all captured on video as close as the camera could manage.  He
continued his prodding until he was also buried to the hilt.  Terry
glanced back and under her trying to see the action first-hand. 
She moan and together they began to establish a new rhythm.  The
supervisor, who had been laying nearby watching, moved over and
knelt in front of Terry's face, offering her his wilted cock.  She
reached forward and took it first in her hand and then in her
mouth.

     This performance continued for a few minutes.  Then the man
taking her from behind reached again for the lubricant.  He
drizzled a small amount down the crack of her ass and over her
anus.  He rubbed it into her asshole with his middle finger.  Terry
suddenly turned and gave him a look of discomfort but said nothing
to stop him.  He carefully inserted first just a little of his
finger and then ever so slowly the entire length into her rear
opening.  This he also continued for a minute or two.  Then he
withdrew from her cunt and began rubbing his cock against her anus. 
When he felt she was prepared he inserted the tips of two fingers
into her rear and expanded the opening enough to insert the head of
his cock.  He grasped his penis by its base and slowly nudged
forward, inserting his cock a millimeter at a time.  Terry simply
leaned forward and half heartedly accepted the invasion.  After
perhaps two minutes, he was completely buried in her third opening. 
She now had three real cocks invading all her ravished cavities. 
Again the rhythm began.  After another five minutes the man under
her began to tense and pump up into her cunt with much more
determined strokes.  It was evident that he could not last much
longer.  As he commence to spurt his prize, the man in her ass felt
through the thin membrane of her body the excitement and
immediately emptied the contents of his swollen testicles into her
ass.  Terry stopped sucking the cock in her mouth long enough to
experience fully the eruptions her sensuous body had caused.  The
three of them collapsed in a heap.

     The supervisor tugged her from the pile of bodies and rolled
her to her back.  He climbed on top of her and placed his now
rehardened cock at her much used pussy lips. This time he plunged
in quickly and began hard and fast movements. He held her arms
above her head while he raised himself up on his extended arms and
pounded away.  Terry turned her head to the side and closed her
eyes.  As before, she began to whimper in little moans and stifled
cries of excitement.  The latino man approached and lay beside
her, pressing his soft cock against her lips.  This she gobbled up. 
The other men moved over to the hose and took turns either
showering in the hose or taking video shots of the action.  At this
pace the supervisor only lasted about 4-5 minutes and again emptied
his treasure into her pussy.  He withdrew and the latino man, who
had regain his erection, quickly mounted her.  He continued the
same tempo and velocity as the supervisor.  After his shower in the
hose, the man who had screw her ass place his cock in her mouth
and again she began to suck it to hardness.  The latino went for
about 6-7 minutes and then withdrew.  He reached over and grabbed
Terry's right hand and wrapped it around his cock and helped her
move it up and down as he shot jets of liquid heat from his hose. 
Some spurts reached her breasts and she reached over and rubbed the
gel into her breasts and stomach.

     The latino jumped aside as the other man moved from her mouth
to her cunt in one smooth movement.  He plunged in and picked up
the gait that had been established. 
The last white man finished his shower and also place the head of
his dick at her mouth, which she nearly inhaled.  About two minutes
into this round of rapid fucking Terry began to tense and breathe
heavily.  She stopped sucking the cock in her mouth and appeared to
be concentrating only on the event between her legs.  She then
moaned loud and long, reaching down and pulling the man in her
womanhood deep inside as she came just from fucking.  She had only
come from this activity only twice before in her life. After about
30-45 seconds she relaxed and tried to keep him from hitting her
over sensitized clitoris.  One more minute and this man spilt his
load into her opening.

     The last of the white men then mounted her and began a slower,
gentler motion.  He lifted up his upper body and caressed her
breasts and face.  After she had recovered from her orgasm, he
leaned forward and began more vigorous motions.  The other man
were beginning to get dressed and traded camera duty.  The black
man was the only one who remained to watched.  As expected he too
offered his immense licorice stick to Terry.  She gently nibbled
and licked and then sucked the staff.  The other man lasted
about another 3-4 minutes and then rolled off exhausted.  He
stumbled to his feet and began to shower and clothe.

     The black man allowed Terry to suck him to full erection and
then moved atop her and slowly implanted his root in her fertile
loam.  He also held her arms above her head as he began to pound
his full eight inches into her abused pussy.  She again turned her
head to the side and closed her eyes, trying to concentrate fully
on the endeavor between her outstretched limbs.  He kept up a
vigorous stride, sliding almost fully out and then all the way in
to the hilt with each stroke.  About 5-6 minutes into this episode
she again began to breathe heavily and to tense up.  She drew her
legs open wider and pulled her arms free, grasping his black ass
and urging his movements back and forth.  She guided each thrust
until she tensed, threw her arms back, stretched out her legs and
came.  The black man began to come soon after she did and she
enjoyed a mutual climax with her new found pleasurer.

     The man rested atop her until the supervisor called, "Hey,
Tom.  Let's get going.  We're already two hours late to the next
job."  Tom rolled off and dowsed himself in the hose and began to
dress.  The supervisor approached my wife and said, "You're too
much woman for just one man.  Do think we could come back and party
another day?"  Terry just kept her eyes closed and didn't say
anything.  She could never say "yes" out loud.  After a moment she
reached down between her legs and scooped out a palm-full of cum
and spread it over her right breast and then tasted the mixture. 
The supervisor said, "I'll take that as a 'yes'."  The men packed
up and left, handing me the camera through the door as they passed. 
Terry slowly recovered and weakly raised to her feet.  She
haltingly took her bathing suit and other items and with shaking
legs moved slowly toward the house.  I quickly snuck out the door
and off to work. 

-- 
+--------------' Story submission `-+-' Moderator contact `------------+
| story-submit@qz.little-neck.ny.us | story-admin@qz.little-neck.ny.us |
| Archive site +--------------------+------------------+ Newsgroup FAQ |
\ &lt;URL:http://www.netusa.net/~eli/erotica/assm/&gt;    .../assm/faq.html&gt; /
