Message-ID: <24682asstr$960937821@assm.asstr.org>
From: david@f-e-mail.com (David Shaw)
X-Original-Message-ID: <394625b2.8783870@news.omen.net.au>
Subject: {ASSM} RP "LAID ALOFT" (MM/F: Reluc: Work) By David Shaw
Date: Tue, 13 Jun 2000 19:10:21 -0400
Path: assm.asstr.org!not-for-mail
Approved: <assm@asstr.org>
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories.moderated,alt.sex.stories
Followup-To: alt.sex.stories.d
X-Archived-At: <URL:http://assm.asstr.org/Year2000/24682>
X-Moderator-Contact: ASSTR ASSM moderation <story-admin@asstr.org>
X-Story-Submission: <story-submit@asstr.org>
X-Moderator-ID: Vulpine, gill-bates



"LAID ALOFT" (MM/F: Reluc: Work)

By

David Shaw
<david@f-e-mail.com>


THIS STORY IS INTENDED FOR ADULT READING ONLY


	I suppose I should feel rather guilty about what happened, but
I don't. After all, I didn't set out to do anything wrong, only
something out of my usual routine, and even that was a spur of the
moment decision. I've wanted to tell somebody about it for a long time
and now I've moved to a different city I've finally decided it's safe
to write it down. I guess all I have to say to set the scene is that
at the time I was a long married department manager for a big
insurance company. My husband and I had our ups and downs but we got
along as well as most couples do. A boring life mostly, I guess, until
this particular day.

	It all started when I came back to work from lunch. When I
entered the lift two young men came into it with me. What was odd was
that they were wearing hard hats and tool belts, which is not a common
sight in a building with forty floors of offices. I hadn't noticed any
renovation work being carried out anywhere so I wondered what they
were doing. 

	One of them, a slim dark guy in his twenties, spoke to me
about the weather, about how hot it was down in the streets. I agreed
it was a bad day and he said it was glorious where they were working,
high up in the fresh air and with a fantastic view of the city; he
said the pair of them were installing a new microwave dish on top of
the communications tower on the roof of the building. I commented that
they were probably working in the best place on such a day. The guy I
was talking to was Tony -- or at least that was the name stenciled on
his helmet.

	The other guy had 'MARCO' lettered on his hard hat, and he was
blue eyed and stocky, with muscular arms and shoulders like a weight
lifter. He made a light hearted suggestion that I should come up to
the top of the tower with them and see a view of the city that I'd
probably never get a chance to see again.

	Just then the elevator stopped at my floor and I replied that
it might be fun but I had to get back to work. Tony glanced down at my
ID badge, kind of sneered, then said: "No way, Marco, Ms (name deleted
)  has to go and type up all the letters for her boss, or she'll be in
big trouble."

	I assumed he didn't know that the purple edge around my badge
meant that I was a department manager. Of course he did know, and he
was using the knowledge to needle me even more than I realized. At the
time though I thought he really believed that I was just a middle
aged, middle grade secretary at everybody's beck and call -- and that
assumption angered me. So I pushed the button to close the doors again
without getting out.

	"I don't type letters for anybody and all the men who work for
me are well enough trained to get by on their own -- for a while,
anyway. I'll come up and take in the view for a few minutes."

	Tony and Marco grinned at me and stepped aside deferentially
when the elevator reached the top floor. Marco then led the way up two
flights of an iron staircase to a door that he unlocked and opened.

	"This is as high as the building goes -- the rest of the way
is up the tower," he told me as if it were some kind of a challenge.

	As soon as I stepped through the door onto the roof I knew I'd
made a mistake. I've never been very fond of heights and I even hate
looking out of my office window only halfway up the office block. Now
we were so far above the city skyline that I felt a genuine touch of
vertigo. But what was far worse was the communication tower itself. As
high as we were already, it seemed to rear up into the sky above us
like the Eiffel Tower. Even more disturbing to me was that the thin
aluminum cladding around it seemed to be shifting and creaking even in
the light wind which was blowing.

	I couldn't believe my legs were actually carrying me towards
it, even with Tony's arm pressing lightly around my back to coax me
on. I wanted nothing more than to turn around and go back. Marco had
already relocked the staircase door behind us though, and I would have
felt very foolish if I had had to ask him to open it again because I
wanted to run away.  It was the price I was paying for all my boasting
about being an executive.

	That was the real reason I was going with them, not because I
wanted to see anything, but because I'd been talked down to as a
female nonentity. Being patronized by arrogant males always makes me
bristle up and determined to prove them wrong. A pair of young
chauvinists had challenged me and I'd responded. It never crossed my
mind that such good looking studs could have any serious intention of
making a pass at an older woman like myself. Maybe I should have
remembered that Nicholas Chauvin got his name in the dictionaries for
adoring Napoleon: especially Napoleon's skill in making quick and easy
conquests. 

	"You'll love this, you'll be the queen of the town today,"
Marco encouraged me as he went past and entered the tower first with
Tony still following me. Innocent as I still was, I was soon to find
out why I was positioned in the middle.
	
Inside was a very narrow and steep staircase which spiraled around the
inside of the tower, with steel mesh on the inner side of the
stairwell to stop anybody from falling off the steps. It seemed a
pretty insubstantial protection to me though, especially when I looked
upwards and saw the huge hole that was the center of the tower.

	"We have to keep this clear so we can hoist up the
communication dishes," Tony explained. "Some of them are ten feet
across. It's an easy climb up though."

	It certainly didn't seem too easy to me. I was puzzled by
circular bands of light inside the tower, three or four of them and
each one about a dozen steps up from the next. It looked as if there
were large gaps all around the tower, each one at least big enough to
put my head through. I asked Tony about them and he said the gaps were
to relieve the wind pressure against the tower when gales were
blowing.

	Well, there certainly wasn't any gale just then but even so I
was very uneasy about the situation. I did manage the first two
spirals of steps though, hard work as it was. I'd never climbed
anything like them before except in Warwick Castle in England. The
guide there had explained that the castle steps were designed to be
difficult, so that a right handed swordsman could hold the staircase
against a mass of enemies -- they could only come up one at a time,
each attacker clambering up the steep steps and only able to fight
with his sword in his left hand.

	I was no heroic swordsman though, and when I looked out
through the first gap I really thought I might faint. Even the roof of
the building below us seemed a long way down, but past that were
stomach churning drops into concrete canyons with cars scurrying
around at the bottom of them like multi-colored ants. One thing was
for sure, there was no way I was going on up to the top. Just this
once I'd let the men have an easy victory.

	When I stopped Tony asked me what I was doing and I told him I
couldn't go on, so we'd have to go back down. But he refused, he said
it was too dangerous to turn around on the steps. Then he put both of
his hands on my bottom and rubbed them over me.

	"Hey, what are you doing?" I demanded.

	"Just trying to persuade you to keep moving, lady.  What's
your first name, anyway?"

	"It's Alison, and please stop doing that."

	"Sure, as soon as you start climbing again."

	I wasn't going to do any more climbing. All of a sudden the
situation had totally changed because it was obvious now what Tony had
in mind. He was also wasting his time because I was a married woman.
Which isn't to say that if I'm away on my own somewhere and an
attractive man wants to wine and dine me he might not go away
unrewarded. But on a windy, swaying staircase with two guys in the
middle of a working day? Forget it.

	It was an effort, but I managed to turn around in the tight
space. Then I found out that I'd only made things worse, because now I
was teetering on the narrow step on my elevated heels. I had to press
the palms of my hands outwards against the side of the tower and the
steel mesh to stop from toppling forward. At the same time Tony went
back down a few steps and I thought he was making way for me. Until he
stopped with his head below my waist, reached up and began tickling
the backs of my knees.

	It was a ridiculous situation. The entrance door at the bottom
of the steps was only a short walk down yet there was no way I could
get past Tony. I couldn't even move my hands without risking falling
over, which that was very likely to happen because I've always been
noisily susceptible to being tickled. In a few seconds Tony had me in
a state where I was writhing around uncontrollably, cursing him with
one breath and begging him to stop with the next.

	For a while he only smiled, looking even younger than before.
Then his face turned more serious and instead of tickling behind my
knees he started gently kneading the soft flesh there. Little electric
shocks began shooting up and down my spine, just as Marco bent over
from behind me and started rubbing my earlobes with his finger tips.

	"Come on, guys, I can't stay here all day playing games with
you two," I protested. "You've had your joke, now please let me get
back down again. I've got to get back to work."

	Tony's response was to slide his hands higher, lifting the hem
of my skirt on his wrists: "I've got no problem at all with the way
things are right now."

	"I've got to get back to work," I repeated.

	"OK," Marcus said. "But it's those shoes that are the problem.
They make it dangerous for you. Take them off, Tony."

	Tony did just that -- partially. He went down another two
steps, lifted up my right foot and removed my shoe. Afterwards he
knelt down again on the steps, though lower down again, and started
nibbling on my toes through my panty hose and running his fingers
underneath the sole of my foot. And, being totally off balance by now,
there was nothing at all I could do when Marcos slid his hands over my
shoulders until they were resting on the front of my blouse just above
my bra cups.

	"You know something, lady, I'd love to squeeze your tits, just
for luck. How about it?" I could feel his breath fluttering against
the short hairs on the nape of my neck and goosebumps rising all over
my back.

	"No way! Let me go now or you'll be in real trouble."

	"Tickle her again, Tony."

	Tony did, underneath my foot, which is by far and away my most
sensitive area for that kind of stimulation. I shrieked in despair and
the only reason I didn't fall off the step was because a pair of hands
that felt like power tools had suddenly taken a death lock grip on my
nipples. What the guys were doing to me between them was producing a
mixture of sensations which was like nothing I'd ever experienced
before. When they finally let go of me I was twitching around and
gasping like a stranded fish.

	Being honest, I have to admit I was also starting to have some
pretty exciting ideas of my own, although at least I tried to pretend
otherwise: "Stop it . . . stop it!"

	I might have protested more if I'd had the breath to spare --
maybe.

	Marco's response was to stroke my breasts again, his fingers
widely outstretched this time: "Come on, Rapunsel, let down your hair
for once. We've got a real private place at the top of the tower and
we've got all afternoon. And I guess nobody downstairs will mind not
having the boss in the office for a while."

	Although still wildly off balance because of my missing shoe I
tried to twist myself out from between Marco's arms. All I succeeded
in doing though was in partially dislodging my spectacles. Marco
certainly never missed a beat in his groping and I knew that Tony must
be feeling the trembling in my legs.

	"Tony, mind her glasses," Marco said.  Tony stepped up higher
and put the frame back squarely on my face. Then he looked down and
leered as Marco moved his palms underneath my breasts and hefted them
up and down.

	"Hey!" I protested again, and apparently as futilely as
before. My face was burning with embarrassment, compounded twice over
as Tony took his turn at fondling me. 

"Nice pair of udders, Ms boss lady," he told me, leaning forward and
then blowing into my ear. "But I think what they really need is a
double sucking. I'll have the left one and Marco can take the right,
and when all you've got left on is your glasses we'll show you what
else we can do together."

I couldn't help but gasp and then giggle at his suggestion before I
pulled myself together. "Don't you dare talk to me like that" I warned
him. "You've got to let me go or else you'll be in real trouble."

"Listen, honey," Marco said hoarsely. "There was another lady in the
same place you're in now, just a day or two ago. Now what we said to
her was that we wouldn't do anything to her if she didn't want us to,
but we would play a little joke on her."

	Tony took his hands from my boobs and pulled a pair of skimpy
red panties from his pocket --  then he held them up and pulled them
apart to show they were crotchless ones. A baggage tag was attached to
them with a big safety pin. 

	"What we're going to do is to write your name down on this
tag. I guess that won't be a problem since it's on your ID. We'll also
write down the name and address of the office building and the name of
the company you work for. Then we'll put a little note on the back of
the tag asking anybody who finds these to hand them in at the building
reception desk."

	"And after we've done all that," Marco chuckled, "We'll throw
them out of this gust gap and then see what happens after they land in
the streets somewhere down there. Wouldn't it be a joke if some kind
hearted passerby did hand them in, hey? Can you imagine the gossip
going around all the offices?"

	The shock must have shown in my face. Gossip! The stories
would never end. If that happened I'd be nothing more than a joke in
the company. Who would ever believe that I'd gone up into this tower
with two young guys actually thinking I was only going to look at the
city views? No matter what I said, no matter what happened to this
pair of lunatics, my career would be as thoroughly derailed as a piled
up freight train.

Marco chuckled and hefted my boobs from below again. 

"I don't know if you're thinking what the other lady thought," Marco
whispered softly into my ear. "What I do know was that there and then
she offered us a deal. If we didn't drop her name down into the street
along with these sexy panties, then she said she'd be very happy to go
down on both of us."

	Tony sniggered: "Being the real gentleman we are we asked her
what she meant by that and she said she would get down on her knees
and suck on our cocks. She also said that if there were any other
little favors she could do for us at the same time, all we had to do
was to mention them."

	His hands were on my front, joining Marco's as they roamed
over me. "The odd thing was that she was telling the truth. She was a
boss lady like you and yet it turned out she really got off on being
treated like a slave woman, just for a while anyway. We took her up to
the top of the tower and screwed her every way but loose, and I swear
to God we had seagulls coming in from all directions to see what was
making all the noise."

	"Two cocks were nowhere near enough for that woman, once we'd
gotten her warmed up," Tony chortled. "Not much point in being a slave
unless you know who your masters are, and she got taught that lesson
right from the start. The question now, Ms boss-lady, is would you
like to consider making an offer like that? Or shall we address these
panties, then air-mail them and see if they get handed in?"
		
 	It only took me a second to decide that this pair of lunatics
could do whatever they liked ten times over before I'd take the
slightest risk of having my name dropped in the central business
district attached to a pair of whore's knickers. What was more, I was
reaching a stage of mind where I could understand exactly why the
other woman had decided it was more sensible and more fun as well to
pay forfeits. I had no doubt all there had indeed been another woman.
Marco and Tony's gloating male self satisfaction was too obvious an
ego trip to be any kind of an act. 

		"Alright, you guys," I said with my mouth suddenly
drying. "We'll go up the tower."
	
   	 The breeze gusted, moaning softly through the gap, fluttering
my hair and feeling cool against my hot cheeks. Tony plucked the hem
of the blouse up out of my skirt and took my breasts fully in his
hands again, ruffling up folds of the blouse's silky material around
the stiff cups. Calmly and carefully, he began to unbutton the front
of my blouse. "Lift your arms up," Tony muttered huskily. "I'll make
sure you don't fall over."

Like Marco before him, the way he was holding onto me was a sure
guarantee of that. Somehow I was astonished but not a bit surprised
when I felt my hardened nipples rubbing against the cups as they were
manhandled again. I did as he wanted and lifted up my arms, allowing
Marco to ruck the blouse up over my wrists like a raised flag of
surrender. Then Marco plucked it away. There was a moment of silence
as I stood with my arms still raised, whilst both of them seemed to be
savoring the sight of me with only my bra and pearls left on above the
waist. 

	"By God, there's some poundage in those two," Marco chuckled.
"I could strain my back hefting those around."

	Tony laughed and squeezed my bra cups again: "Don't worry
about it, Marco, Alison will help you fill in the worker's accident
form, explaining what happened."

"Come on, let's get her moving on up," Marco urged. "Take off her
other shoe." He held my shoulders to keep me steady while Tony bobbed
down to obey him.

	"Jesus," I heard myself saying, "Are you guys a tight team or
what?"

	Marco chuckled: "We've had a lot of practice. Turn around."

	I twisted around unsteadily and Tony immediately put both of
his hands on my ass again. Marco bent lower and gave one of my
earrings a tiny tug.

	"See this?" He was holding up my blouse with the ID badge
directly in front of my eyes. "It used to mean you were a boss but now
it means you're ours -- otherwise I'll toss this out at the next gust
gap, ID and all. That'd be a lot worse for you than the panties would
have been. You understand that or do I have to say it again?" 

	"Yes, I understand." It was the only thing I could say.

	"Say 'Yes, master', you dumb bitch!" Marco demanded.

	What difference did it make now? "Yes, master," I answered
obediently. Somewhere at the back of my mind was a piece of
Shakespeare: 'Who cannot be crushed by a plot?'

	This was certainly the cleverest plot I'd ever been caught up
in and just as certainly it had crushed all my scruples. For as long
as it took I was going to have to grant these cunning pair of bastards
everything they wanted from me. It was also about then that I realized
that I would have been disappointed if they had suddenly relented and
let me go. Instead I willingly followed Marco up the steps, feeling
the hard metal through my soles, the aches in my calf muscles and
Tony's hands still resting firmly on the seat of my dress as he almost
pushed me up the steps.

	At the next gap Marco stopped at the light and turned around.
"Step up here, Rapunsel, and open my fly zip."	

	The step I stopped at put my face close to his half opened
windbreaker. Looking down I could see the hump in the denim of his
jeans where his cock strained to break free of the tightly stretched
material. Even as I tried to get a grip on the zip tab I felt Tony
unhooking the waistband on my pleated office skirt. Loosened, the
skirt fell under its own weight around my ankles.

	"Looking good back here," Tony called out. "Big tits, good
legs and an ass like a pack mule."

Thank you for nothing, you shit. It was tricky easing the zip down
because Marco's thick shaft was pressed against it as if it were
standing to attention. Not only that, a great mass of black pubic
hairs seemed to want to get trapped in the zipper as well. I wondered
why he wasn't wearing any shorts, then decided that was a very stupid
question. By then even I had worked out that it was no accident that
these two had gotten in the lift with a woman on her own. I wondered
if I was just the first one available or if they'd selected me for
some reason as a suitable target.

	The thick roll of flesh popped out, a sausage with attitude. I
took it in my hands and gave it a welcoming squeeze. I thought it was
much the biggest one I'd ever touched, though it behaved the same as
the others I'd met, standing up and demanding all the attention it
could get. But I had to let it go as Tony wriggled the hem of my slip
up over my waist and pulled it over my head. And then he held it there
with the tangled silk pulled tightly over my face like a mask and my
arms trapped inside it. Behind the thin material I was glad to have
some covering from Marco's eyes when I heard Tony giggling. I supposed
that it was the sight of the body mould girdle around my hips that he
was finding so funny.

	"Oh boy! Grab this slip for a minute, Marco."

	"Sure thing." I felt the material jerk as Marco grabbed it.

	"Hey, Rapunsel," Tony said loudly, "Have you ever had your
panties pulled down in front of an audience before?"

	I knew I had to answer: "No!" I gasped. "I mean no, Master!"

	He laughed: "Couldn't quite hear you there, Rapunsel."

	"She said yes, Tony. She must have been a college girl and all
college girls end up in the showers with the football team sooner or
later. She'd just love to show us everything she's got."

	I felt my panties being tugged from underneath the girdle
until they were trapped inside my stocking suspenders. It was a
sensation that made me gasp and quiver, then squeal as fingertips like
hot falling snow ran lightly around the bared tops of my legs. Then I
really squawked as the fingers tap danced down into the gap between
the bottom of the girdle and the panties. My defenses were well and
truly lowered, a fact which Tony soon proved to all of us, because the
more I gasped and called out inside the folds of the slip, the more
thoroughly his fingers explored their newly won territory. I heard
Marco's voice.

	"What do you know, I guess she must be ticklish just about all
over".

	"A lot of underbrush down here, Marco. Needs a good shave, I
guess."

"Well what it's going to get is a good plowing. You reckon she's ready
for planting yet?"

	Tony chuckled: "Hey, man, she's as wet and slippery as
Mississippi mud down here already. You can slide it in anytime you
like and not even touch the sides."

	"Yeah. I guess that's why the fat slut was playing with my
dick. You all hot and slippery for us, Rapunsel, all ready for some
heavy duty fucking?"

	God, it was so embarrassing that they knew I was on heat for
them like a bitch in season.

	"Hey, slave woman, I'm asking you a question!"

	I knew I was being asked a question. What I was trying to do
was to get some of the wet silk out of my mouth, unaware until then
that I'd been biting on it.

	"Yes! Yes!", I finally managed to say. "Yes, master, I need
fucking!"

	"No need to be shy, gal. You shout it out as loud as you can,
so we can all hear you."

	I shouted the same words into the clinging fabric as loudly as
I could, feeling stupid and humiliated and resentful at being treated
like a marine recruit.

	Marco grunted in satisfaction: "That's better, Rapunsel. Let's
see what else we can do to get your snatch nicely steaming."

	Marco then said something I didn't catch. Tony moved up close
behind me and took over the grip on my arms, still holding them above
my head. Something cold slipped underneath my left bra strap and then
the left cup was sagging as the strap parted. The same thing happened
on the other side, the strap slashed right across in one stroke. My
breasts started to spill out, a process which Marco quickly helped
along, scooping each of them from its sheltering cup with a flick of
his powerful hands like a bear throwing fish out of a river.

	I've always been big chested, and I've always got a real kick
out of seeing a man getting excited by my boobs. But this was an
indescribable sensation, to have the wind blowing over my tightly
puckered nipples as a complete stranger rolled them between his
fingers, with another guy watching it all happen. And me in the
middle, my panties down around my thighs, my face still covered by my
slip! Now there was another damp patch in it, where I was moaning
through the silk louder than the wind itself.

	Tony lowered his hands and put them around me, holding onto my
boobs as well while I saw Marco's shadow stoop lower as he squatted
down on the steps. Then there were four wandering and squeezing hands
and an exploring mouth as well as Marco sucked, licked and lightly bit
on my nipples. I twisted around and bellowed like a cow needing
milking, somehow tugging the slip up over my head. Tony's tongue went
straight into my ear and I knew Marco was absolutely right about the
effect all this was having on me. It was an experience so far above
any ordinary sex that it was like being on another planet.

	My arms fell down, my slip hanging down in folds like a
collapsed parachute over Marco's work helmet. I couldn't help grunting
with laughter.

	"What's so funny?" Tony whispered hoarsely.

	"I was . . ooooh, God . . . I wondering if I was safe up here
without a hard hat."

	They actually stopped what they were doing for a moment as
they laughed.

	"We'll give you a couple of hard hats soon enough, Rapunsel,"
Tony rasped. "But we'll put some protection on both of them for you."

	"Both! Jesus, I don't care anymore, I just want them!"

	Well, so much for my cool executive and lady like business
image. Marco put his hand between my legs and played with my clit:
"Hey, you sure you've never been in a threesome before, Rapunsel?"

	"No - a foursome. At least I think it was."

Tony squawked with laughter: "You don't know? I gotta hear this. How
about taking her up to the next gap, Marco and listening to this
shocking confession?"

"Sure, let's leave a trail of clothing all the way up to the boudoir."

He pulled the slip down over my hands and dropped it the steps.
"Please put my blouse down as well, in case you wrinkle it," I asked
him. "I've got to wear it out of the building afterwards."

"Are you going to tell us about your dirty date?"

"Yes, alright!"

"OK". He carefully laid the blouse down on top of my slip. "Come on
up."

	Again the steps were hard on my feet, though I hardly noticed
it by now. I was dizzy, my head was pounding, my tits were slopping
around in the open, the pulled down panty waist band tugged around the
tops of my legs at every movement, making me feel ridiculous, and
Tony's fingers were pushing against my bared ass like I was riding a
rocket sleigh. It was turning out to be some kind of a day at the
office alright -- a towering inferno, I figured.

	Past the next gap and then I was struggling on towards the top
of the staircase. Marco had almost run ahead of me, right up to the
final step. When I got there he was standing on it and looking back
down towards me. What really caught my attention though was that he
was now bare-chested, wearing only his jeans and boots. His
windbreaker and shirt were lying on top of his tool belt a few steps
further down. As I got closer he dropped his jeans, displaying a proud
standing erection that seemed swollen out of all proportion even to
his strong body. He looked like a young Greek god waiting to be
worshipped and it was clear who was cast for the role of worshipper.

	So I knelt down on the belts and clothes in front of the
lovely bully and put my hands on his cock, stroking it with the
respect it deserved. Behind me Tony tugged at my panties again and I
felt the waist band suddenly go slack around my legs. The panties had
parted straight down the middle like the Red Sea giving access to the
promised land. I looked around and saw Tony putting a small knife back
in his tool belt, and then his hand went underneath me again,  up
between the remnants of my panties still hanging from both girdle
clips. Shudders of anticipation went through my snatch as he explored
it and I licked Marco's slit.

	"Not a bad start, Rapunsel," Marco said, hoarse-voiced, his
fingers in my hair. "You want to tell us about this foursome deal
now?"

	"Yes -- OK. When I was in Florida, on a business trip I had an
argument with a waiter in the hotel restaurant. Next morning my
document case went missing in the lobby as I was making a phone call.
When I got back to my room there was one of the missing papers pushed
under the door with a note telling me if I wanted the rest of them I
had to go to a linen store room on another floor and go inside."

	I leaned forward and licked around the tip of his cock, then
put it completely inside my mouth. Marco growled deep in his throat,
then said: "Wait."

	He gave me a condom which was already in his hand, the packet
torn open. "Put it on me, and keep talking."
	
	I did as he told me, easing it over the tip of his cock and
then slowly unrolling it down the twitching shaft. "I had to get those
papers back for an important business meeting the next day. So I went
to the linen room. There wasn't anybody around that I could see but
the door was unlocked. There were shelves of sheets and pillow slips.
The light didn't work but I could see something glowing in the dark at
the back of the storeroom.

	"I went to it, and the light was coming from a torch tied up
inside a red pillow slip, so there was only a dim reddish glow. It was
on a shelf at waist height. There was another note pinned to the
pillow slip, saying I had to lie down on my stomach on the pile of
sheets next to the pillow slip. Then I had to call a number on my cell
phone and tell the guy at the other end I was ready for him.

	"I did what the note said. I wriggled in between the shelves
and found that by the time my hips were on the edge at one end my hair
was touching the wall behind. Sheets and stuff were piled up on each
side so I couldn't see anything. I was pretty well buried from the
waist on in. So, anyway, I phoned the number.  Whoever was at the
other end only mumbled something but I could hear a guy laughing in
the background somewhere. I was as frightened as hell -- I had to get
those papers back though, I had to."

	Marco giggled. "I like the scene, Rapunsel. Love it -- blow me
for a while as I think about it."

	Holding his cock steady with my fingers around the base and
cupped underneath his balls I deep throated him as far as I could.
Meanwhile Tony stuck his tongue in my ear and licked it in a wet
swirling motion as he toyed with my clit. I squealed and snorted
around Marco's cock at the pleasure he was giving me. "So did you get
your case back, Alison?"

	I nodded, well muffled by Marco as his streamlined erection
rubbed insistently at the back of my mouth.

	"Hey, let's take her into the workroom and hear the rest of
it," Tony suggested.

	"OK, OK," Marco conceded. "Come on up for air, Rapunsel."

	They both pulled me to my feet, with the halves of my panties
fluttering around my legs in the breeze. Marco led me by the hand into
a sort of work chamber, with lots of blue painted boxes on the wall
like fuse boxes and stuff. But the only thing I was looking at was a
dish hanging the middle of the room, about six or seven feet wide,
suspended by four wide straps that ran under the dish and up to a
hoisting device in the roof. Wildly, I wondered if they intended using
it for me somehow, and then I saw that the dish was full up to the
brim with styrofoam packing beads and I knew what to expect.

	There were no words, no time to even think of asking
questions. They sat me on the edge of the disk, steadied it as it
swayed like a hammock, rolled me over onto my back, and then each guy
grabbed one of my legs, lifted them up high in the air and pushed my
calves behind two of the straps so I was hanging there in front of
them and spread eagled wide open, with the centerpiece of the display
one well lubricated pussy eager to meet a willing partner. A desire
soon granted because Tony threw away his helmet, knelt down, grinned
at me between my opened thighs and then peeled my cunt lips apart as
if it was a juicy orange he was getting ready to eat. I squealed and
rolled my eyes around, looking for Marco. He was getting his gear off
in quick time.

"Tell me the story, Momma!" Tony demanded. He encouraged me with the
tip of his tongue against my clit and I whimpered.

"I heard the door of the linen room open. There were footsteps, I
don't know how many. Somebody had a radio on, not too loud. I heard
the door close again. My face was down into the sheets I was on, I
couldn't see anything, I couldn't hear very much but I knew there was
movement behind me. A lot of movement, maybe. I heard a lot of
sniggers and giggles and then the bottom of my skirt got pulled up and
tucked underneath my waist. All I had on underneath was a pair of
panties. Then they started spanking me."

Tony pushed a finger deep inside me as he kept on licking the hard
little switch that was blasting my entire body with shots of pure
adrenaline. Instead of rolling my eyes I grabbed at my tits and rolled
them around for the boys: I could feel my trapped leg muscles
vibrating against the supporting straps like a ship's rigging in a
gale. Marco was listening to me wide eyed and seemed to be taking
forever to get his boots off.

"I don't know what they were using, a cane maybe but every stroke sure
smarted. I squealed a lot because I figured that was what they wanted.
Pretty soon they had my panties coming down. That was terrifying
because I could feel two hands on each of my legs as they were pulling
them off me and the spanking never missed a beat as it was happening.
Of course that was the deal, to let me know I was going to get gang
fucked by a bunch of guys I couldn't even see."

Marco strode over, naked as a jaybird, his prick swinging in front of
him like a lowered gun aimed straight at me. "Stand aside, Tony,
coming through."

Tony stood up, grinned at me, then moved to his left. Marco stepped up
to the plate, grabbed his pink tipped bat, eased it into foul
territory, then grabbed my legs and pulled me forward for the first
innings from the visitors' team. It was an all the way home run,
longer than I'd ever dreamed possible and I shouted and clutched onto
the two straps next to my arms like a subway passenger in a train
crash. Which was something like true because I felt as if I was being
fucked by some kind of mechanical dildo driven by a runaway engine. As
far as I was concerned, right then and there, Marco was the most
wonderful thing in the world and I'd do anything at all for him, just
as long as he'd keep me impaled on his huge cock.  Then Tony bent over
the dish, scrunched my nipples up in his hands and bent down to bite
on them, and I would have happily died for him as well.

"So did they screw you, Alison?

"Of course the bastards screwed me! They fucked my cunt and ass with
baby oil until I thought I was dead and gone to heaven! "
 
Tony laughed, pulled down his opened jeans, grabbed my hand and placed
it on his massively veined erection: At the same time Marco put his
hands on my hips and began swinging the dish to match a series of
savage lunges into my pussy. Between that and Tony tugging at my
teats, it was a ride on the highest, deepest, most thrilling roller
coaster ever built, then multiplied God knows how many times. It was
sex with steroids. I screeched like an owl at midnight, moaning and
trying to blow away the scraps of styrofoam somehow sticking to my
face and lips. I began coming, coming in huge waves that turned me
from a rational human being into a jerking bundle of muscles and
nerves with Marco's bull strong body pounding away between my trapped
legs. It was like being Barbarella, sentenced to death in the pleasure
machine.

	"You fucking smart assed office boss bitch, I'm going to take
you down to your office and fuck you on your own desk with everybody
watching!" Marco raged at me. "You're gonna beg for it because you do
what we tell you now! And when we've finished we'll let all the other
guys in the office fuck the boss lady as well!"

	The image of that in my mind send me into a frenzied orgasm
that must have matched Marco's because I heard him give a great gasp
of pleasure and triumph. While I was still half conscious my legs were
loosened from the straps and I was rolled over on my side.  The
movement dislodged my glasses and as I was trying to straighten them a
hand grabbed my right ankle, then  lifted it up at an impossibly high
angle in the air, as if I was some kind of a ballet dancer. I yelped
and another cock slammed straight into me at an angle which really was
screwing me. Tony was astride my left leg, his own legs clamped around
it like a raunchy dog, still holding my right leg way up in the air
over his shoulder as he slammed right up me: his cock was slipping in
and out of my cunt with squelching noises like an old fashioned hand
pump sucking up water.  I bawled with passion, throwing handfuls of
packing beads into the air like confetti.

	"Hey, Rapunsel, you may be an old fuck but you're a pretty
good one," Tony gloated. "I told Marco you were a sure thing first
off. Just like the two other women we've fucked while we've been
working here." He began ramming into me even harder.

	"Look to the left, Rapunsel. Look left!" With my head half
buried and my glasses tilted askew again I could hardly look anywhere
though I saw the brilliant white light of a flash bulb, then at Marco
grinning at me before he aimed the camera again.

Tony was loving his triumph: "We'll have a party when we finish up
here. Lots of our friends, and you three office sluts as well, so you
can get introduced and show each other your naughty pictures."

	The camera flash smeared across my face again.

	"Then we'll draw lots and see which of you gets taken out into
the middle of the party first for a public fucking by anybody who
wants you." 

 THE END  

-- 
Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is copyright with all rights
reserved by its author unless explicitly indicated.
+---------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| alt.sex.stories.moderated ----- send stories to: <story-submit@asstr.org> |
| FAQ: <http://assm.asstr.org/faq.html>  Moderator: <story-admin@asstr.org> |
+---------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|Archive: <http://assm.asstr.org> Hosted by Alt.Sex.Stories Text Repository |
|<http://www.asstr.org>, an entity supported entirely by donations.         |
+---------------------------------------------------------------------------+
